Original Video and Credit: https://www.instagram.com/p/BMjKkr0AoIt/ This really needs to be upvoted. Thanks for finding it! You're welcome! Hey.... Wait a mi... But your n... Op pls Don't worry, I got you. It's okay. You got this buddy, just use your words. higher please go you Please go you high go high you Please Now we know why the quality was turds. I'm totally in a higher resolution than that, buddy. I was about to start whistling the Battlefield Heroes theme... Thanks, this is better than the 24x24 resolution gif that the OP uploaded. Looks 1,000x better See, this should be the top submission, nevermind the top comment that it. Soon will be StankyShaft. Downvoting OP for potato and upvoting you instead the video has been ripped so many damn times it looks like shit now lol Thats incredible, so much better than the gif. Particularly with the sound. OP it looks like Im watching this through a sheet of wax paper Close. OP had a nylon stocking over his head at the time. Here's what he may have looked like God dammit You should expect it by now. I came here to talk Battlefield. I didn't expect some kind of Spanish Inquisition. NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION! I thought this was going to be the Rick Roll video. It's worth like 6 Rick Rolls Best I can do is 3, but I know a guy who can check it out, lemme give him a call and have him come down, if it's legit maybe we can work something out. I thought it was just gonna be Peyton Manning again. Yeah. I genuinely didn't expect it to be the Spanish Inquisition That's because NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION The Inquisition, what a show, the Inquisition, here we go, we know you're wishing that we'd go awaaaaaay But the Inquisition's here and it's here to staaaaaaay Put her in... THE COMFY CHAIR!!! I still don't know what it is. I expected it, but still clicked. Damn myself. I don't know what I expected, especially with the comment he replied to. Well, if that's not the most appropriate use for that I've ever seen then I'll eat my hat. Fuck now I need to comb thorough all of Reddit just to find a more appropriate use of that just to make u eat ur hat. See u in 64 years. RemindMe! 64 years It's sad that you'll be dead 13 years before this goes off Well 12 years 347 days... but who's counting? Found it!! https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1rynga/my_sister_sent_a_wedding/ :< God. Dammit. Have to ask, did you copy a legit URL for that or did you just make it up? Well played, you got me. cries in corner Hey, what is this meme? I've seen it many times and it's funny even without me knowing the origin or meaning of it. You can read about it here I expected it and you still fuckin got me you piece of shit Truly an impressive piece of fabric, his nylon. Nowhere is safe. I still don't know what this is :( Wow, it's actually way funnier when you see the rest of the video. And in watchable quality too. It's the best way to get color on those old television sets. Maybe he had an old B&W television and just wanted to see it in color. Maybe he dropped a jolly rancher in his PS4 That's because this is real found footage from WW1. A prototype camera that films in color! With futuristic Virtual Reality HUD capabilities. Nah it's just on a console. That's what it looks like. Nintendo DS version. Somehow it looks better on imgur instead of embedded here. I think reddit stretched it a bit, causing additional artifacting or something. The source is still low-res, but it doesn't have those dots at least. This nearly made me rage quit my ISP. #SayNoToPotatoes Op recorded this with the I-potato. his pc could only download and repost the gif in 240p Consoles are getting worse than we ever imagined http://i.imgur.com/DqJWQlm.gifv http://i.imgur.com/TeI03gL.gifv https://gfycat.com/IllustriousQuarrelsomeDunlin https://gfycat.com/DefinitiveMessyAsp Other team player waves "Hello!" "Hiya!" Welp, he's not a threat /r/gamersbeingbros I'm strangely disappointed that this isn't a thing. Edit: Now they've gone and done it! and now it is r/gamersbeingbros Im apart of history now. Being apart would suggest you've been removed from history, which is quite scary. Are you sure you wouldn't rather be a part of history? I'm proud of you. Nice! When I get a pc again I'll try to salvage some old disks... I have a few (very old) WoW screenshots that will fit right in over there! This is awesome It can be if you believe. And make it one. That would actually be a really cool sub In Planetside 2, me and one guy from the other team were capping the same location. We probably capped the place about 5 times each, back to back. I was cloaked the whole time but I started to feel that we had an understanding. When I intentionally revealed my self right in front of him, he killed me. We had something going there, but he blew it. I like sneaking up on enemy snipers and then sniping with them until they notice me. Sometimes it's pistols at dawn, and sometimes, just sometimes, you compete to see who can get the highest score while batting off derogatory comments from your own teams. ;) This is fantastic. I remember doing this in BF4 but I need to try it in BF1. Tends to work a little better in Planet Side because there's 3 factions, so it's entirely possible you'll both be shooting the same people so neither of you feels obligated to protect targets. There is no brotherhood in that game without a harasser. The number of times I've been solo harassering, bumped into another, then had an impromptu race (because fuck the war) So disappoointed :( /r/canadiansgaming include me in the screencap Edit: nevermind, made my own I'm glad that this is a thing You basically created a sub. Ugh.. I NEED MORE! I felt like being nice once. Then I noticed my Ult was charged. Hahaha, that's awesome Or the double honk in GTA:O. This guy be creepin', though. Well that dude is pretty ~chill~ tranquil. I'd kick it in the back of his truck for a bit. Embrace Tranquility Gaze into the anus That anus is heinous. They hate us cuz they anus. We disdain 'em cuz we stain 'em A very HeinusSprainusAnus, in fact. Say heinus anus one too many times and he appears like candyman /r/wehaveseenthebutthole um wot How do we identify the Almighty Butthole? Relevant username. Experience Tranquility Tranquility intensifies *Tankquility LOL. It's awesome how he just looks back at his team like, "Uh, guys? Shit they're gone..." When this came up a while ago, folk were saying "Why didn't he warn the guys?!" but he likely couldn't even if he wanted to. I mean, he could have saved his team by shooting the guy, but the dude got into a position to watch at least three guys walk by obliviously so yeah, maybe he deserves this gimme. Aren't you that guy who fucks cats or something? See, I thought he was a goat fucker too. But I had him tagged. Now I don't. So... this may be a different guy. But he has so much karma Can someone explain to me why you wouldn't just kill these guys? Edit: Okay guys I get it. I was just thinking there was more to it then that. Please don't kill me. Because they asked them not to. Don't kill me pls Cause they're having fun with each other? I play video games and Magic: The Gathering. Sometimes it's more fun to leave the guy who's derping around so he can learn how to play properly. Sometimes it's easier to kill them instantly, but then the fun is one-sided. I do this on overwatch a lot. I like being roadhog, using my hook on a mercy to pull her close, then just wave at them and walk away. I like you. Weapons dealers hate him! I would laugh my ass off if that happened to me. I really want to get better with Hog so I can justify doing that. And then she kills you with her pistol that does a... Damage that is surprising? Hahahaha that's brilliant. Gonna do this to someone. You should make a montage of that. Obviously does not play magic competitively. 5-0s and 3-0s. I play Limited now, hosting Phantom Drafts with all the original Zendikar and Innistrad packs i saved up. Brag over: Casual EDH is not so fun when the same jackass plays Lighthouse Chronologist in MonoU - i'll bin off that guy all day long just to see Little Ben pull of a janky combo with cheap cards he got from his brother. for me, this is like trying to read chinese. Lol I have no idea what you just said That's when you pull out the Phelddagrif EDH deck and hug them. To death. ಠ_ಠ Could be worse. Could be Geist. It would be terribly impolite. Impolite Unnice I mean, neither are wrong. One's just less unwrong than the other. nonpolite Antifriendship Imirony Hi Irony, I'm Dad. Well m'memed. Because it's a nice experience to have shared with another player. Because they're being peaceful and just wave at you? I think our explanations would be wasted on you, evil one. I think it's just a gesture of good sportsmanship. Most of these people are in no position to fight back, so it's just to be friendly. IKR?! If you kill the dude with the pea-shooter he'll just respawn at the start again and the whole trek would be wasted. I once didn't shoot someone in the face during a game of r/Outside paintball and they took the flag. I mean, would you shoot someone 10ft away if only their face was showing? (Yeah, me too, i shot that guy in the face...) "You play to win the game!" - Herm Edwards Cuz it's funny not to Does your username work? lolol Haha no ;-; I feel your pain :( Asking that question already makes you unworthy. Also, if you kill someones who shakes at you, i automatically assume youre inbred. Like the tryhard Symmetras in Skirmish. It's always the Symmetras and Pharahs for some reason. Why won't they let me sit and wave in peace? Also Mccree, it's why I usually skirmish as Ana so at least I can put them to sleep and wave at my leisure. the pirate's code! for the lulz Omnics deserve the right to exist as well. They said not to. What are you? Some kind of rape-murder? What kind of sick fuck kills someone without their consent. Because chivalry is not dead. There's something magical to the sudden break in the mindless shooting to realize that there's another person on the other end. Also, like the Borg not bothering with someone that isn't really a threat -- not worth the ammo or being a dick. Sad! What game is that? Overwatch this is easy to do. i once got all random people to stop fighting and chill on the objective the whole game edit: https://youtu.be/IG5KsOpTobw?t=1m38s Did you reply to yourself? sometimes Extra karma. They save gifs like these for multiplayer game threads They save relevance to add more relevance to the thread. I appreciate it. Better than seeing .gifs fractured all over the place. Sometimes fractured .gifs are relevant Tank you Noooo the gif cuts off the part where the terrorist drops a smoke so the CT can ninja-defuse! I picture the same tank driving doing all of these Reminds me of knife fights in cs. You'd swish your knife out and stab the air. If the other was not craven, you got yourself a good, clean knife fight. Rare, but fun :D This shit taught kids about honor back in the days. If someone swishes his knife, you either swish yours to confirm the duel, or fire a round to deny the challenge. Such are the rules. It is known. These are the ways of the dothraki. It is known. And if you had no honor, you were TKed next round. At the first 0.05 seconds of next round. These are the rules of the duel? Yeah. Break a deal, face the wheel. I remember in smash brothers we would taunt to show we were ready if we were done practicing or trying out a new combo. It was on after that taunt. If you hit me in an opening round taunt, I will do everything in my pathetic skill range to demoralise, humiliate and destroy you. CSGO. It was down to 1v1, me and the CT's last guy. I pulled my knife and swished.... Then heard him do it across the map. Shit was on. We found each other and we're strafing and trying to slash each other for a solid minute. Then he pulled his gun and killed me and won for his team. I don't like csgo. http://m.imgur.com/gallery/bDW7DCG Apparently Harrison Ford was really ill during that scene, and he and Spielberg just agreed that he should "just shoot the son of a bitch". He told that story on his Reddit AMA actually... Also Steve Buscemi was a K9 firefighter on 9/11 after Seth Macfarlane accidentally missed his flight. On the internet, nobody knows you're a K9 firefighter. K9/11 fire fighter jet fuel can't melt steel beams Kind of shitty. That wasn't even a random guy they cut. Apparently he had trained for it for months. I don't see how it's shitty. That's probably one of the most famous movie scenes ever. It's been shown and referenced far more than any generic action movie fight scene would have been. That scene has a funny backstory. They were supposed to have this awesome fight scene between Indy with his whip and the guy with the sword. Harrison Ford was very sick the day the scene was supposed to be shot and suggested Indy just shooting the guy instead. Which is funny, because I really feel like that scene did a good job of definiting Indy's personality. what an ass Something something dysentery. I just described this scene to OP without realizing it's what you posted. I read that Ford was feeling sick that day and didn't want to do the whole scene. I think you forgot this. Get rekt noob! and also the 'Cyka idiot why knif omg noob retard Blyat' get rekt knoob FTFY "NO HONOR" I did something similar once. It was down to 1v1 in a medieval CS-like game (M&B:Warband). I asked the guy in chat where he was from and while he was typing I threw a javelin in his face. Felt bad, but couldn't stop laughing. ...You're a monster. You bastard In the original Gears of War, people would signal to each other from across the map that they wanted to have a good clean shotgun fight, no lancers or pistols. Ugh, I LOVED shotgun fights in the original GoW. There was an art to the roll and blast. They nerfed it in the second one, and I havent played any of them since to see if it's improved. Seriously. That shit was the best part of the game. They somewhat brought it back by Gears 3 after everyone kept complaining (haven't played the 4th) but it was never the same, especially after they made the lancer bullets stop you in your fucking tracks. I honestly thought Gears 3 had much better multiplayer than 1 or 2. It was the first one I could actually play for hours/routinely like a CoD/Halo and still felt fun. Taking away the ability to shoot/roll simultaneously killed the franchise for me. The online in GoW2 was terrible, GoW3 was an improvement and still pretty fun, and then Judgment was legitimately one of the worst games I've ever bought. I traded it in for Halo 4 after two weeks. all i remember is getting stunned for 2 full seconds while swinging out in the open trying to signal them One shot stir fry was my favourite weapon too to play with. i remember you had to stab at the walls to let them hear the knife so that they knew it was time for a knife fight. Ah I miss these days of gamer integrity. Almost forgot about the good ole CS knife fights There was a old map with an Aztec temple and there was a two story room surrounded in pillars. Everyone would sit on the second level... Swoosh knife to declare a challenge, then those two would jump into the pit and fight to the death as everyone watched. Some of the most fun I've had. I have an irrational love for the word craven. I wish I remembered to capture it, but last night I was playing casual overwatch. Jumped over a building as Winston and just happened to land in between a Mercy and her team. None of her team had noticed me. I started to shock the shit out of her, but then she started mashing crouch so hard I couldn't help laughing. I did the "Hello" voiceline and she replied "Thank You". I jumped away and her team never even knew I was there. This is why I love Overwatch but you also have the meis and mccrees who shoot my tracer in the face during skirmish after first sitting around emoting and helloing for a minute. those fuckers. Then you want to make them pay. You put your mlg face on and go out. You take your first perfect shot... they found a game and disappeared. Fuck hold me. now kiss This is why I love gaming in general, such as TF2 FTFY My last skirmish, I was a Bastion, just roaming around and waving hello to the enemy. A Genji came up to me and started saying hello, but everytime I looked away, he would melee me and say hello again. So after a few times I got a little fed up and changed to turret form and he backed away, but I waved the little self healing arm at him and he came back. I started turning away and he moved forward to hit me and I spun and unloaded about 300 dps in his face. It was beautiful Is this a shooters thing? I think you will find this behavior in most games that have no means of communication between teams. That is one of the few understandable actions you can do to get your point across. Reminds me of that scene in Fury I feel like I could literally watch that all day these are amazing lol Is there a subreddit for these? /r/gamersbeingbros was just started as a result of this thread What type of savage has screen capture abilities with the Ps4 or XB1, and uses a potato to record instead? I don't get it. It drives me insane. For that WW1 feel. Where did you get this real footage? OP's is just colourized and sharpened. I hit ctl-z twice. That doesn't sound right, but I don't know enough about video editing to dispute you. He's lying. Open the gif in a new window and hit alt+F4 to see. *new tab Wake up! Tabs are so 2016. is nothing sacred to hipsters?! In that case, if you're on google chrome, open that gif in a new tab then hit ctrl + w to see This trick only works if you delete your system32 folder first though. I tried to do that but I'm on a mac. How do I delete the System32 folder on a mac? (edit: I love that I got serious replies to this. Reddit so helpful) Don't forget to delete system32 Amateur video editor here, I can assure you that's how it works. He's just giving the clip the nice smokey smell that we all like Just make sure to turn on the Coors sign before you open the bar The internet. Where arguments fizzle out before anyone can be bothered to finish a s ...hit? Yeah, there ya go, m -ary, that wasn't so ha mburgers are go You... you're one of those funny guys my mother warned me about, aren't you? (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞ OP is a time traveler From the past MARTY! We've got to go back to stop the jet pack games, soon there will be no boots on ground combat! Marty! You need to [belch] suck my balls, Marty! That's the only way we [burp] can go back in time! Well then get your shit together. Get it all together and put it in a backpack, all your shit, so it's together. ...and if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere ya know? Take it to the shit store and sell it, or put it in a shit museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together... Get your shit together. This line makes me laugh ever time *mharti Alright, doc. I'm down. You're not Marty! Username doesn't check out Bore! But he is a nice, refreshing, belch er, was, a nice refreshing glass of water. edit: So I was using Swype when I originally made this comment. I don't know what I meant to type anymore, but it sure as hell wasn't bore Also known as a senior citizen. Yes? Holy fucking shit How the fuck did he get past the librarian to get the amulet? They have strict rules against using magic in the library Significantly better than actual footage I have seen from the era. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSwGT_-WrhE This footage is from Wings (1927). It depicts the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and used over 3500 extras. Edit: misspell This footage is from Wings (1990). It features stock plane footage and kept a bunch of d-list celebrities employed for seven years. This footage is from the wing (1963) It features a gremlin on the wing. This footage is from Gremlins 2 (1990). It features a gremlin with wings. 4:45 minute mark... Start there... Actually pretty funny dialog. I ended up watching the whole episode. Wings isn't too bad. Was that the movie made by Howard Hughes? (The guy that The Aviator was about) This is Wings with an ex-Beatle My lord this is crazy If this is real, it's the best WWI footage I've ever seen. There's a great documentary series using tons of coloured footage from WW1 that's amazingly well done. I believe it's called Apocalypse: World War One using tons of coloured footage from WW1 WW1 in color? Footage of an unnamed war hero bravely defending his battalion from tank fire. Circa 1915 the renault ft was made from 1917-1949. I've read about this moment in history books. Do I look like I know what a daguerreotype is? I just want a picture of a got dang leberwurst. Fake, they didn't have pixels back then. It was the past. If anything there were more pixels around because we hadn't yet started using them all up. That's why old games look pixely. But now we're starting to run out of this natural resource. In twenty years we won't be able to blur out anyone's face for their protection. They'll be forced to wear a bit of frosted glass over their head. Since when has WW1 era film looked like compressed black and white video? WW1 footage wouldn't have those box-shaped digital artifacts muh jpegs! I feel like I've poured soup into my eyes OP has a starch addiction. OP must be a berserk fan. I think we all know his favorite character. Rape Horse? No silly, Casca. :( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LH-hXK__zyI He needed external hardware to capture all 30 polygons at once. Its been badly ripped off of the original source. I have seen this clip in hd. Can you direct me to the original clip please? http://coub.com/view/gh5as Couldn't find the one I saw but here is one with a clearer quality. Someone found the original Instagram submission. What's a potato? You know... Po-tay-toes. Boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew. https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2tdbig/tifu_by_enraging_the_parents_of_my_girlfriend_by/ It's an older reference, sir, but it checks out I believe Drughi23 is referring to the TIFU where a man pretended not to know what a potato was as a joke and it went terribly wrong It makes it look more cinematic But my phone can record 4k. I'm pretty sure it was just shot in p... That's what I was thinking >.< Why share in HD when you can share a grainy Nokia recording? Its the GIF quality too you dildo Wait, this is B1? I thought it was an N64 game. Jesus OP, get your shit together. Soldier no. SOLIDER YES! SOLDIER, NO! SOLDIER YES!! I teleported bread. How Much? You told me to... I have done nothing but teleport bread for three days... I have done nothing but teleport bread for three days. This is a bucket Dear god... There's more... No... YES! https://youtu.be/GLlLQ3LmZWU?t=10m1s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEzhxP-pdos Do I look, like I know, what a jay peg is? I just want a picture of a got/dang/hot/doewg Well that's a good fucking way to start a Saturday morning. Thank you. Relevant xkcd https://xkcd.com/1053/ i can never not watch this when it's posted. what a time to be alive! This the best video I've ever seen While high? Maybe This one is so much better than the usual JPEG one. The important question here is, "Why is the rum gone?" My ears..... send help you got more of them pixels? Cmon man you gotta link it! You have to buy 2 consoles and fuse them together https://i.gyazo.com/041dc1ad8f2cbe19d49a4449a3f6fc5a.png Okay guys this one isn't Manning Don't listen to him I love how he turns away at the end I can end you right here, you little shit. You must like warthunder Is that an enemy tank? It's a little hard to see. It's funny however. I love moments of this in Battlefield. It actually reminds me of the Christmas Truce during World War 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christmas_truce I seriously hope they do a snowball fight on Christmas in BF1. Just some fun and games between the teams, to simulate the truce. Fuck snowballs. A nice game of association football. Fuck yes! And let us make presents out of brass and stuff. Just let the fighting end for a week or two. Brass snowballs. Happy now? Oh am I :D even better, lets shoot snowballs from cannons and move them! Oh wait thats a tank oh shit, did we just go full circle and start the war again? I guess so. Unless that gif repeats at all times "BF1 Christmas event! For one week, the game will be updated to become Rocket League." Battlefield 1 becomes FIFA 17 for a day You turn on BF1 and you are redirected to the FIFA 17 main menu. The twist is that France is not a playable team. Doughboys ain't gonna like that. "Of course I remember it, I was never offside, that was an appalling decision..." That's what they do in Verdun, a WWI based fps Yeah I've heard of Verdun. Didn't know they did that though. Here's hoping we get something cool as well. Well, there were snowball fights in BF4 for Christmas, so I think our chances are good. Thank you for your service. Joyeux Noel Yep it's an enemy tank. I've seen higher quality Gifs in 2004 post em. This is actually one of the oldest gifs from my meme folder, 2006 That was 2006? Fuck, Zidane jokes are ten years old... this is one of my favorites from years ago Here's an actual gif from 2004 I just got played twice in a row I should have read this and known, known! http://i.imgur.com/o536nVm.gifv God damnit I need to reevaluate my life. I thought "maybe this will be different, maybe it'll actually be a gif from '04". Nope. I got ruined again Holy shit, twice in one thread and neither times I saw it coming. How the fuck did you get such terrible quality from a brand new game. The mind boggles. op (/u/Cyrellis) pretty much everyone on this thread has asked you this question so u need to go ahead and come back to your thread and answer it thx in adv. Possible answer: their internet connection is shit and thus would make a full-quality or even decent-quality video take far too long to reasonably upload, so they compressed the shit out of it to remedy that issue. Believe me, it's possible (my internet is garbage--0.8 Mbps up if I'm lucky and have zero download utilization). What do you pay for your service, if I may ask? Too fucking much for 1.5 Mbps down. Was paying around $35/month, but that pricing has since ended and it seems it's now up to $44/month. Unfortunately the wiring in my damned apartment is too garbage to do much better, and this is the cheapest pricing available here. I pay for 50mbps down, but actually get around 34. I pay $45 a month lol I'd happily trade up for that! OP stole the video. Original vid is found above^ I love the "Let's be friends!" via shaking heads and rapidly jumping. What is this, TF2? More air got blown out of my nose then usual. I concur. No! DON'T TOUCH THAT! W H A T A R E Y O U D O I N G T H R O W I T O N H I M N O T M E T H R O W I T A T H I M N O T M E Don't let your kids watch it! when was battlefield released for the original nes Wow hey! Don't touch me! Good old Brak. Top kek! Must have been so fun to make that show. Soldier: Imma hit it! Tank: Don't you do it! Soldier: IMMA DO IT! Tank: DON'T YOU DO IT! I laughed at this more that I thought I would. This looks like it has some sort of filter to make the game look like an oil on canvas that somebody left outside on a foggy day by accident. Hey. Stop it. If I had a dollar for every pixel in this video, I would have 76 cents Recorded with my Verizon Chocolate Touch Like a toddler temper tantrum Which pixel is the tank? You told me to. I have done nothing but teleport bread for three days. My favorite thing to do in this game is standing on top of a landship and hammer it with a wrench, and since they can't aim up they are forced to walk out of the vehicle to defend it or they'll explode. This works for approximately 5 seconds and then you're shot by one of the 20 enemy snipers. Contender for worst quality gif in history That's hilarious Reminds me of one of those constantly pissed off teachers who just looks down at you from the teachers desk, shaking their head in disappointment. is this 1p resolution most likely a fraction of that. 1/4p maybe? Battlefield 1 looks great! Turn up the jpegs I never laughed so hard watching a gif pretty funny but I was still able to see something in this gif, could you maybe lower the quality a little? Don't make me blast you, man. Oh no... Oh yes... This shit, i love this shit. PLEASE DON'T The quality is so bad, I genuinely thought this was from battlefield heroes. Canadian forces? French actually, the tank in the gif is a Renault FT, developed by the French and widely used by many of the allied powers during ww1, the insignia on the tank is used by the French for armoured vechicles. So your hitting your own tank? what does this help? It increases the tank's velocity by small increments, overtime though this adds up. Check the top and the roundel. thats hard to tell on that quality. if you are on diffrent teams, then how the fuck didnt he just blast you? Battlefield is a magical game with magical players. I would have blasted you. I'm not magical. Remember that opening cinematic where the two guys don't shoot eachother? It's kind of like that. I suck so bad I'll grab any chance to improve my stats In Overwatch apparently there is an unwritten rule that if someone from the other team comes over and emotes, you don't kill them. I always kill them. So you're the son of a bitch that kills me when I'm just trying to dab with genji. It comes from TF2. Please don't kill them. If you wanna go full serious, just say hello and then walk away ignoring them. Some people just want to have some different fun once in a while. You NEVER and I mean NEVER kill the spy crab they're a rare and endangered species!! Rules are boring. Games are best when you break the rules. In skirmish at the very least. never kill a man in skirmish Oh, so you're that asshole. Op is not the player I can't tell anything, the quality is to low Would have been good if it wasn't recorded with a 2001 flipphone. i thought this was a ps1 game at first and i was trying to figure out what game. but then i realized... Damn is this what the PS4Pro looks like? Did you record this on VHS by chance? r I believe I've never seen a gif with such low quality as this. Recorded with the worlds finest potato. I love watching gameplay of BF1 and I have no intention on buying it I can count the pixel in this gif "No! Bad Ottoman!" I wanted the tank to fire. What is this? Battlefield Potato cam. I'd love to upvote this, too bad you don't have the game in the title :( Crash Bandicoot Racing Battlefield 1 Dark souls 3 I didn't know a tank could be cute! It's not No - Yes!!! - Nooo! You need to start recording with a better potato. HIT THE OBVIOUS WEAK SPOT!!!!!! I laughed; a lot. I'm at work. Good thing I'm the only one on this floor over the weekend. I snorted. I couldn't stop laughing lol, don't know why I found this so funny. Thanks OP! :) Recorded on a potato? In a game? this entire post just made my day The quality is so poor I thought this was Battlefield 1942 If you're going to steal someone's video, at least steal it the correct way lol The amount of "puckering up" his butthole did when the head of the tank turned around is probably hilarious on it own but that was just gold man https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEzhxP-pdos [deleted] https://gfycat.com/ShockedIllinformedBug no.no. you stop that. ok. I never thought that someone could make a gif look like a jpg, but somehow op, you managed it. Anyone else see the crocodile mouth at the tail of the tank? I can't unsee it now. If that was me I would have been killed instantly He's not mad, he's just disappointed. Came to comments section expecting 99% to be about the quality of the gif. Was not disappointed. One of my favorite moments was when I was in a squad with randoms and we were doing amazing at silent teamwork. As we were moving to the next objective we came across a heavy tank with no side gunners. None of us had explosives so we climbed on top and started to beat the tank with our melee weapons. ...want to get blown up? ...because that's how you get blown up... This would be 10x funnier if it didn't look like it was recorded during WWI. WW1 had better quality then that potato This made me laugh harder than I expected. No! You do not get to blow me up. Good day sir. I said good day! Set GFX to potato for that authentic underwater-without-googles-getting-chlorine-in-the-eyes effect 10/10 too funny Battlefield at its best. TIL that WWI was pretty damn adorable. I love these fucking videos xD. No! Yes! No! Yes! not today, pal Just because the game is set in WW1 doesn't mean your gif has to be too This was actually filmed during WW1 judging from the quality I see you used the ww1 camera to fit the apnosphere. This really needs to be upvoted. Thanks for finding it! You're welcome! Hey.... Wait a mi... But your n... Op pls Don't worry, I got you. It's okay. You got this buddy, just use your words. higher please go you Please go you high go high you Please Now we know why the quality was turds. I'm totally in a higher resolution than that, buddy. I was about to start whistling the Battlefield Heroes theme... Thanks, this is better than the 24x24 resolution gif that the OP uploaded. Looks 1,000x better See, this should be the top submission, nevermind the top comment that it. Soon will be StankyShaft. Downvoting OP for potato and upvoting you instead the video has been ripped so many damn times it looks like shit now lol Thats incredible, so much better than the gif. Particularly with the sound. You're welcome! Hey.... Wait a mi... But your n... Op pls Don't worry, I got you. It's okay. You got this buddy, just use your words. Hey.... Wait a mi... But your n... Op pls Don't worry, I got you. It's okay. You got this buddy, just use your words. Don't worry, I got you. It's okay. You got this buddy, just use your words. Please go you high go high you Please go high you Please I'm totally in a higher resolution than that, buddy. I was about to start whistling the Battlefield Heroes theme... Close. OP had a nylon stocking over his head at the time. Here's what he may have looked like God dammit You should expect it by now. I came here to talk Battlefield. I didn't expect some kind of Spanish Inquisition. NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION! I thought this was going to be the Rick Roll video. It's worth like 6 Rick Rolls Best I can do is 3, but I know a guy who can check it out, lemme give him a call and have him come down, if it's legit maybe we can work something out. I thought it was just gonna be Peyton Manning again. Yeah. I genuinely didn't expect it to be the Spanish Inquisition That's because NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION The Inquisition, what a show, the Inquisition, here we go, we know you're wishing that we'd go awaaaaaay But the Inquisition's here and it's here to staaaaaaay Put her in... THE COMFY CHAIR!!! I still don't know what it is. I expected it, but still clicked. Damn myself. I don't know what I expected, especially with the comment he replied to. Well, if that's not the most appropriate use for that I've ever seen then I'll eat my hat. Fuck now I need to comb thorough all of Reddit just to find a more appropriate use of that just to make u eat ur hat. See u in 64 years. RemindMe! 64 years It's sad that you'll be dead 13 years before this goes off Well 12 years 347 days... but who's counting? Found it!! https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1rynga/my_sister_sent_a_wedding/ :< God. Dammit. Have to ask, did you copy a legit URL for that or did you just make it up? Well played, you got me. cries in corner Hey, what is this meme? I've seen it many times and it's funny even without me knowing the origin or meaning of it. You can read about it here I expected it and you still fuckin got me you piece of shit Truly an impressive piece of fabric, his nylon. Nowhere is safe. I still don't know what this is :( Wow, it's actually way funnier when you see the rest of the video. And in watchable quality too. It's the best way to get color on those old television sets. Maybe he had an old B&W television and just wanted to see it in color. Maybe he dropped a jolly rancher in his PS4 That's because this is real found footage from WW1. A prototype camera that films in color! With futuristic Virtual Reality HUD capabilities. Nah it's just on a console. That's what it looks like. Nintendo DS version. Somehow it looks better on imgur instead of embedded here. I think reddit stretched it a bit, causing additional artifacting or something. The source is still low-res, but it doesn't have those dots at least. This nearly made me rage quit my ISP. #SayNoToPotatoes Op recorded this with the I-potato. his pc could only download and repost the gif in 240p Consoles are getting worse than we ever imagined Here's what he may have looked like God dammit You should expect it by now. I came here to talk Battlefield. I didn't expect some kind of Spanish Inquisition. NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION! I thought this was going to be the Rick Roll video. It's worth like 6 Rick Rolls Best I can do is 3, but I know a guy who can check it out, lemme give him a call and have him come down, if it's legit maybe we can work something out. I thought it was just gonna be Peyton Manning again. Yeah. I genuinely didn't expect it to be the Spanish Inquisition That's because NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION The Inquisition, what a show, the Inquisition, here we go, we know you're wishing that we'd go awaaaaaay But the Inquisition's here and it's here to staaaaaaay Put her in... THE COMFY CHAIR!!! I still don't know what it is. I expected it, but still clicked. Damn myself. I don't know what I expected, especially with the comment he replied to. Well, if that's not the most appropriate use for that I've ever seen then I'll eat my hat. Fuck now I need to comb thorough all of Reddit just to find a more appropriate use of that just to make u eat ur hat. See u in 64 years. RemindMe! 64 years It's sad that you'll be dead 13 years before this goes off Well 12 years 347 days... but who's counting? Found it!! https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1rynga/my_sister_sent_a_wedding/ :< God. Dammit. Have to ask, did you copy a legit URL for that or did you just make it up? Well played, you got me. cries in corner Hey, what is this meme? I've seen it many times and it's funny even without me knowing the origin or meaning of it. You can read about it here I expected it and you still fuckin got me you piece of shit Truly an impressive piece of fabric, his nylon. Nowhere is safe. I still don't know what this is :( Wow, it's actually way funnier when you see the rest of the video. And in watchable quality too. It's the best way to get color on those old television sets. Maybe he had an old B&W television and just wanted to see it in color. Maybe he dropped a jolly rancher in his PS4 God dammit You should expect it by now. I came here to talk Battlefield. I didn't expect some kind of Spanish Inquisition. NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION! I thought this was going to be the Rick Roll video. It's worth like 6 Rick Rolls Best I can do is 3, but I know a guy who can check it out, lemme give him a call and have him come down, if it's legit maybe we can work something out. I thought it was just gonna be Peyton Manning again. Yeah. I genuinely didn't expect it to be the Spanish Inquisition That's because NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION The Inquisition, what a show, the Inquisition, here we go, we know you're wishing that we'd go awaaaaaay But the Inquisition's here and it's here to staaaaaaay Put her in... THE COMFY CHAIR!!! I still don't know what it is. I expected it, but still clicked. Damn myself. I don't know what I expected, especially with the comment he replied to. Well, if that's not the most appropriate use for that I've ever seen then I'll eat my hat. Fuck now I need to comb thorough all of Reddit just to find a more appropriate use of that just to make u eat ur hat. See u in 64 years. RemindMe! 64 years It's sad that you'll be dead 13 years before this goes off Well 12 years 347 days... but who's counting? Found it!! https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1rynga/my_sister_sent_a_wedding/ :< God. Dammit. Have to ask, did you copy a legit URL for that or did you just make it up? Well played, you got me. cries in corner Hey, what is this meme? I've seen it many times and it's funny even without me knowing the origin or meaning of it. You can read about it here I expected it and you still fuckin got me you piece of shit Truly an impressive piece of fabric, his nylon. Nowhere is safe. I still don't know what this is :( Wow, it's actually way funnier when you see the rest of the video. And in watchable quality too. You should expect it by now. I came here to talk Battlefield. I didn't expect some kind of Spanish Inquisition. NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION! I thought this was going to be the Rick Roll video. It's worth like 6 Rick Rolls Best I can do is 3, but I know a guy who can check it out, lemme give him a call and have him come down, if it's legit maybe we can work something out. I thought it was just gonna be Peyton Manning again. Yeah. I genuinely didn't expect it to be the Spanish Inquisition That's because NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION The Inquisition, what a show, the Inquisition, here we go, we know you're wishing that we'd go awaaaaaay But the Inquisition's here and it's here to staaaaaaay Put her in... THE COMFY CHAIR!!! I still don't know what it is. I expected it, but still clicked. Damn myself. I don't know what I expected, especially with the comment he replied to. I came here to talk Battlefield. I didn't expect some kind of Spanish Inquisition. NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION! I thought this was going to be the Rick Roll video. It's worth like 6 Rick Rolls Best I can do is 3, but I know a guy who can check it out, lemme give him a call and have him come down, if it's legit maybe we can work something out. I thought it was just gonna be Peyton Manning again. Yeah. I genuinely didn't expect it to be the Spanish Inquisition That's because NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION The Inquisition, what a show, the Inquisition, here we go, we know you're wishing that we'd go awaaaaaay But the Inquisition's here and it's here to staaaaaaay Put her in... THE COMFY CHAIR!!! I still don't know what it is. I expected it, but still clicked. Damn myself. NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION! I thought this was going to be the Rick Roll video. It's worth like 6 Rick Rolls Best I can do is 3, but I know a guy who can check it out, lemme give him a call and have him come down, if it's legit maybe we can work something out. I thought it was just gonna be Peyton Manning again. Yeah. I genuinely didn't expect it to be the Spanish Inquisition That's because NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION The Inquisition, what a show, the Inquisition, here we go, we know you're wishing that we'd go awaaaaaay But the Inquisition's here and it's here to staaaaaaay Put her in... THE COMFY CHAIR!!! I thought this was going to be the Rick Roll video. It's worth like 6 Rick Rolls Best I can do is 3, but I know a guy who can check it out, lemme give him a call and have him come down, if it's legit maybe we can work something out. I thought it was just gonna be Peyton Manning again. Yeah. I genuinely didn't expect it to be the Spanish Inquisition That's because NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION The Inquisition, what a show, the Inquisition, here we go, we know you're wishing that we'd go awaaaaaay But the Inquisition's here and it's here to staaaaaaay Put her in... THE COMFY CHAIR!!! It's worth like 6 Rick Rolls Best I can do is 3, but I know a guy who can check it out, lemme give him a call and have him come down, if it's legit maybe we can work something out. I thought it was just gonna be Peyton Manning again. Yeah. I genuinely didn't expect it to be the Spanish Inquisition That's because NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION Best I can do is 3, but I know a guy who can check it out, lemme give him a call and have him come down, if it's legit maybe we can work something out. Fuck now I need to comb thorough all of Reddit just to find a more appropriate use of that just to make u eat ur hat. See u in 64 years. RemindMe! 64 years It's sad that you'll be dead 13 years before this goes off Well 12 years 347 days... but who's counting? Found it!! https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1rynga/my_sister_sent_a_wedding/ :< God. Dammit. Have to ask, did you copy a legit URL for that or did you just make it up? RemindMe! 64 years It's sad that you'll be dead 13 years before this goes off Well 12 years 347 days... but who's counting? Found it!! https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1rynga/my_sister_sent_a_wedding/ :< God. Dammit. Have to ask, did you copy a legit URL for that or did you just make it up? It's sad that you'll be dead 13 years before this goes off Well 12 years 347 days... but who's counting? Well 12 years 347 days... but who's counting? :< God. Dammit. Have to ask, did you copy a legit URL for that or did you just make it up? You can read about it here I expected it and you still fuckin got me you piece of shit I expected it and you still fuckin got me you piece of shit With futuristic Virtual Reality HUD capabilities. Nintendo DS version. http://i.imgur.com/TeI03gL.gifv https://gfycat.com/IllustriousQuarrelsomeDunlin https://gfycat.com/DefinitiveMessyAsp Other team player waves "Hello!" "Hiya!" Welp, he's not a threat /r/gamersbeingbros I'm strangely disappointed that this isn't a thing. Edit: Now they've gone and done it! and now it is r/gamersbeingbros Im apart of history now. Being apart would suggest you've been removed from history, which is quite scary. Are you sure you wouldn't rather be a part of history? I'm proud of you. Nice! When I get a pc again I'll try to salvage some old disks... I have a few (very old) WoW screenshots that will fit right in over there! This is awesome It can be if you believe. And make it one. That would actually be a really cool sub In Planetside 2, me and one guy from the other team were capping the same location. We probably capped the place about 5 times each, back to back. I was cloaked the whole time but I started to feel that we had an understanding. When I intentionally revealed my self right in front of him, he killed me. We had something going there, but he blew it. I like sneaking up on enemy snipers and then sniping with them until they notice me. Sometimes it's pistols at dawn, and sometimes, just sometimes, you compete to see who can get the highest score while batting off derogatory comments from your own teams. ;) This is fantastic. I remember doing this in BF4 but I need to try it in BF1. Tends to work a little better in Planet Side because there's 3 factions, so it's entirely possible you'll both be shooting the same people so neither of you feels obligated to protect targets. There is no brotherhood in that game without a harasser. The number of times I've been solo harassering, bumped into another, then had an impromptu race (because fuck the war) So disappoointed :( /r/canadiansgaming include me in the screencap Edit: nevermind, made my own I'm glad that this is a thing You basically created a sub. Ugh.. I NEED MORE! I felt like being nice once. Then I noticed my Ult was charged. Hahaha, that's awesome Or the double honk in GTA:O. This guy be creepin', though. Well that dude is pretty ~chill~ tranquil. I'd kick it in the back of his truck for a bit. Embrace Tranquility Gaze into the anus That anus is heinous. They hate us cuz they anus. We disdain 'em cuz we stain 'em A very HeinusSprainusAnus, in fact. Say heinus anus one too many times and he appears like candyman /r/wehaveseenthebutthole um wot How do we identify the Almighty Butthole? Relevant username. Experience Tranquility Tranquility intensifies *Tankquility LOL. It's awesome how he just looks back at his team like, "Uh, guys? Shit they're gone..." When this came up a while ago, folk were saying "Why didn't he warn the guys?!" but he likely couldn't even if he wanted to. I mean, he could have saved his team by shooting the guy, but the dude got into a position to watch at least three guys walk by obliviously so yeah, maybe he deserves this gimme. Aren't you that guy who fucks cats or something? See, I thought he was a goat fucker too. But I had him tagged. Now I don't. So... this may be a different guy. But he has so much karma Can someone explain to me why you wouldn't just kill these guys? Edit: Okay guys I get it. I was just thinking there was more to it then that. Please don't kill me. Because they asked them not to. Don't kill me pls Cause they're having fun with each other? I play video games and Magic: The Gathering. Sometimes it's more fun to leave the guy who's derping around so he can learn how to play properly. Sometimes it's easier to kill them instantly, but then the fun is one-sided. I do this on overwatch a lot. I like being roadhog, using my hook on a mercy to pull her close, then just wave at them and walk away. I like you. Weapons dealers hate him! I would laugh my ass off if that happened to me. I really want to get better with Hog so I can justify doing that. And then she kills you with her pistol that does a... Damage that is surprising? Hahahaha that's brilliant. Gonna do this to someone. You should make a montage of that. Obviously does not play magic competitively. 5-0s and 3-0s. I play Limited now, hosting Phantom Drafts with all the original Zendikar and Innistrad packs i saved up. Brag over: Casual EDH is not so fun when the same jackass plays Lighthouse Chronologist in MonoU - i'll bin off that guy all day long just to see Little Ben pull of a janky combo with cheap cards he got from his brother. for me, this is like trying to read chinese. Lol I have no idea what you just said That's when you pull out the Phelddagrif EDH deck and hug them. To death. ಠ_ಠ Could be worse. Could be Geist. It would be terribly impolite. Impolite Unnice I mean, neither are wrong. One's just less unwrong than the other. nonpolite Antifriendship Imirony Hi Irony, I'm Dad. Well m'memed. Because it's a nice experience to have shared with another player. Because they're being peaceful and just wave at you? I think our explanations would be wasted on you, evil one. I think it's just a gesture of good sportsmanship. Most of these people are in no position to fight back, so it's just to be friendly. IKR?! If you kill the dude with the pea-shooter he'll just respawn at the start again and the whole trek would be wasted. I once didn't shoot someone in the face during a game of r/Outside paintball and they took the flag. I mean, would you shoot someone 10ft away if only their face was showing? (Yeah, me too, i shot that guy in the face...) "You play to win the game!" - Herm Edwards Cuz it's funny not to Does your username work? lolol Haha no ;-; I feel your pain :( Asking that question already makes you unworthy. Also, if you kill someones who shakes at you, i automatically assume youre inbred. Like the tryhard Symmetras in Skirmish. It's always the Symmetras and Pharahs for some reason. Why won't they let me sit and wave in peace? Also Mccree, it's why I usually skirmish as Ana so at least I can put them to sleep and wave at my leisure. the pirate's code! for the lulz Omnics deserve the right to exist as well. They said not to. What are you? Some kind of rape-murder? What kind of sick fuck kills someone without their consent. Because chivalry is not dead. There's something magical to the sudden break in the mindless shooting to realize that there's another person on the other end. Also, like the Borg not bothering with someone that isn't really a threat -- not worth the ammo or being a dick. Sad! What game is that? Overwatch this is easy to do. i once got all random people to stop fighting and chill on the objective the whole game edit: https://youtu.be/IG5KsOpTobw?t=1m38s Did you reply to yourself? sometimes Extra karma. They save gifs like these for multiplayer game threads They save relevance to add more relevance to the thread. I appreciate it. Better than seeing .gifs fractured all over the place. Sometimes fractured .gifs are relevant Tank you Noooo the gif cuts off the part where the terrorist drops a smoke so the CT can ninja-defuse! I picture the same tank driving doing all of these Reminds me of knife fights in cs. You'd swish your knife out and stab the air. If the other was not craven, you got yourself a good, clean knife fight. Rare, but fun :D This shit taught kids about honor back in the days. If someone swishes his knife, you either swish yours to confirm the duel, or fire a round to deny the challenge. Such are the rules. It is known. These are the ways of the dothraki. It is known. And if you had no honor, you were TKed next round. At the first 0.05 seconds of next round. These are the rules of the duel? Yeah. Break a deal, face the wheel. I remember in smash brothers we would taunt to show we were ready if we were done practicing or trying out a new combo. It was on after that taunt. If you hit me in an opening round taunt, I will do everything in my pathetic skill range to demoralise, humiliate and destroy you. CSGO. It was down to 1v1, me and the CT's last guy. I pulled my knife and swished.... Then heard him do it across the map. Shit was on. We found each other and we're strafing and trying to slash each other for a solid minute. Then he pulled his gun and killed me and won for his team. I don't like csgo. http://m.imgur.com/gallery/bDW7DCG Apparently Harrison Ford was really ill during that scene, and he and Spielberg just agreed that he should "just shoot the son of a bitch". He told that story on his Reddit AMA actually... Also Steve Buscemi was a K9 firefighter on 9/11 after Seth Macfarlane accidentally missed his flight. On the internet, nobody knows you're a K9 firefighter. K9/11 fire fighter jet fuel can't melt steel beams Kind of shitty. That wasn't even a random guy they cut. Apparently he had trained for it for months. I don't see how it's shitty. That's probably one of the most famous movie scenes ever. It's been shown and referenced far more than any generic action movie fight scene would have been. That scene has a funny backstory. They were supposed to have this awesome fight scene between Indy with his whip and the guy with the sword. Harrison Ford was very sick the day the scene was supposed to be shot and suggested Indy just shooting the guy instead. Which is funny, because I really feel like that scene did a good job of definiting Indy's personality. what an ass Something something dysentery. I just described this scene to OP without realizing it's what you posted. I read that Ford was feeling sick that day and didn't want to do the whole scene. I think you forgot this. Get rekt noob! and also the 'Cyka idiot why knif omg noob retard Blyat' get rekt knoob FTFY "NO HONOR" I did something similar once. It was down to 1v1 in a medieval CS-like game (M&B:Warband). I asked the guy in chat where he was from and while he was typing I threw a javelin in his face. Felt bad, but couldn't stop laughing. ...You're a monster. You bastard In the original Gears of War, people would signal to each other from across the map that they wanted to have a good clean shotgun fight, no lancers or pistols. Ugh, I LOVED shotgun fights in the original GoW. There was an art to the roll and blast. They nerfed it in the second one, and I havent played any of them since to see if it's improved. Seriously. That shit was the best part of the game. They somewhat brought it back by Gears 3 after everyone kept complaining (haven't played the 4th) but it was never the same, especially after they made the lancer bullets stop you in your fucking tracks. I honestly thought Gears 3 had much better multiplayer than 1 or 2. It was the first one I could actually play for hours/routinely like a CoD/Halo and still felt fun. Taking away the ability to shoot/roll simultaneously killed the franchise for me. The online in GoW2 was terrible, GoW3 was an improvement and still pretty fun, and then Judgment was legitimately one of the worst games I've ever bought. I traded it in for Halo 4 after two weeks. all i remember is getting stunned for 2 full seconds while swinging out in the open trying to signal them One shot stir fry was my favourite weapon too to play with. i remember you had to stab at the walls to let them hear the knife so that they knew it was time for a knife fight. Ah I miss these days of gamer integrity. Almost forgot about the good ole CS knife fights There was a old map with an Aztec temple and there was a two story room surrounded in pillars. Everyone would sit on the second level... Swoosh knife to declare a challenge, then those two would jump into the pit and fight to the death as everyone watched. Some of the most fun I've had. I have an irrational love for the word craven. I wish I remembered to capture it, but last night I was playing casual overwatch. Jumped over a building as Winston and just happened to land in between a Mercy and her team. None of her team had noticed me. I started to shock the shit out of her, but then she started mashing crouch so hard I couldn't help laughing. I did the "Hello" voiceline and she replied "Thank You". I jumped away and her team never even knew I was there. This is why I love Overwatch but you also have the meis and mccrees who shoot my tracer in the face during skirmish after first sitting around emoting and helloing for a minute. those fuckers. Then you want to make them pay. You put your mlg face on and go out. You take your first perfect shot... they found a game and disappeared. Fuck hold me. now kiss This is why I love gaming in general, such as TF2 FTFY My last skirmish, I was a Bastion, just roaming around and waving hello to the enemy. A Genji came up to me and started saying hello, but everytime I looked away, he would melee me and say hello again. So after a few times I got a little fed up and changed to turret form and he backed away, but I waved the little self healing arm at him and he came back. I started turning away and he moved forward to hit me and I spun and unloaded about 300 dps in his face. It was beautiful Is this a shooters thing? I think you will find this behavior in most games that have no means of communication between teams. That is one of the few understandable actions you can do to get your point across. Reminds me of that scene in Fury I feel like I could literally watch that all day these are amazing lol Is there a subreddit for these? /r/gamersbeingbros was just started as a result of this thread https://gfycat.com/IllustriousQuarrelsomeDunlin https://gfycat.com/DefinitiveMessyAsp Other team player waves "Hello!" "Hiya!" Welp, he's not a threat /r/gamersbeingbros I'm strangely disappointed that this isn't a thing. Edit: Now they've gone and done it! and now it is r/gamersbeingbros Im apart of history now. Being apart would suggest you've been removed from history, which is quite scary. Are you sure you wouldn't rather be a part of history? I'm proud of you. Nice! When I get a pc again I'll try to salvage some old disks... I have a few (very old) WoW screenshots that will fit right in over there! This is awesome It can be if you believe. And make it one. That would actually be a really cool sub In Planetside 2, me and one guy from the other team were capping the same location. We probably capped the place about 5 times each, back to back. I was cloaked the whole time but I started to feel that we had an understanding. When I intentionally revealed my self right in front of him, he killed me. We had something going there, but he blew it. I like sneaking up on enemy snipers and then sniping with them until they notice me. Sometimes it's pistols at dawn, and sometimes, just sometimes, you compete to see who can get the highest score while batting off derogatory comments from your own teams. ;) This is fantastic. I remember doing this in BF4 but I need to try it in BF1. Tends to work a little better in Planet Side because there's 3 factions, so it's entirely possible you'll both be shooting the same people so neither of you feels obligated to protect targets. There is no brotherhood in that game without a harasser. The number of times I've been solo harassering, bumped into another, then had an impromptu race (because fuck the war) So disappoointed :( /r/canadiansgaming include me in the screencap Edit: nevermind, made my own I'm glad that this is a thing You basically created a sub. Ugh.. I NEED MORE! I felt like being nice once. Then I noticed my Ult was charged. Hahaha, that's awesome Or the double honk in GTA:O. This guy be creepin', though. Well that dude is pretty ~chill~ tranquil. I'd kick it in the back of his truck for a bit. Embrace Tranquility Gaze into the anus That anus is heinous. They hate us cuz they anus. We disdain 'em cuz we stain 'em A very HeinusSprainusAnus, in fact. Say heinus anus one too many times and he appears like candyman /r/wehaveseenthebutthole um wot How do we identify the Almighty Butthole? Relevant username. Experience Tranquility Tranquility intensifies *Tankquility LOL. It's awesome how he just looks back at his team like, "Uh, guys? Shit they're gone..." When this came up a while ago, folk were saying "Why didn't he warn the guys?!" but he likely couldn't even if he wanted to. I mean, he could have saved his team by shooting the guy, but the dude got into a position to watch at least three guys walk by obliviously so yeah, maybe he deserves this gimme. Aren't you that guy who fucks cats or something? See, I thought he was a goat fucker too. But I had him tagged. Now I don't. So... this may be a different guy. But he has so much karma Can someone explain to me why you wouldn't just kill these guys? Edit: Okay guys I get it. I was just thinking there was more to it then that. Please don't kill me. Because they asked them not to. Don't kill me pls Cause they're having fun with each other? I play video games and Magic: The Gathering. Sometimes it's more fun to leave the guy who's derping around so he can learn how to play properly. Sometimes it's easier to kill them instantly, but then the fun is one-sided. I do this on overwatch a lot. I like being roadhog, using my hook on a mercy to pull her close, then just wave at them and walk away. I like you. Weapons dealers hate him! I would laugh my ass off if that happened to me. I really want to get better with Hog so I can justify doing that. And then she kills you with her pistol that does a... Damage that is surprising? Hahahaha that's brilliant. Gonna do this to someone. You should make a montage of that. Obviously does not play magic competitively. 5-0s and 3-0s. I play Limited now, hosting Phantom Drafts with all the original Zendikar and Innistrad packs i saved up. Brag over: Casual EDH is not so fun when the same jackass plays Lighthouse Chronologist in MonoU - i'll bin off that guy all day long just to see Little Ben pull of a janky combo with cheap cards he got from his brother. for me, this is like trying to read chinese. Lol I have no idea what you just said That's when you pull out the Phelddagrif EDH deck and hug them. To death. ಠ_ಠ Could be worse. Could be Geist. It would be terribly impolite. Impolite Unnice I mean, neither are wrong. One's just less unwrong than the other. nonpolite Antifriendship Imirony Hi Irony, I'm Dad. Well m'memed. Because it's a nice experience to have shared with another player. Because they're being peaceful and just wave at you? I think our explanations would be wasted on you, evil one. I think it's just a gesture of good sportsmanship. Most of these people are in no position to fight back, so it's just to be friendly. IKR?! If you kill the dude with the pea-shooter he'll just respawn at the start again and the whole trek would be wasted. I once didn't shoot someone in the face during a game of r/Outside paintball and they took the flag. I mean, would you shoot someone 10ft away if only their face was showing? (Yeah, me too, i shot that guy in the face...) "You play to win the game!" - Herm Edwards Cuz it's funny not to Does your username work? lolol Haha no ;-; I feel your pain :( Asking that question already makes you unworthy. Also, if you kill someones who shakes at you, i automatically assume youre inbred. Like the tryhard Symmetras in Skirmish. It's always the Symmetras and Pharahs for some reason. Why won't they let me sit and wave in peace? Also Mccree, it's why I usually skirmish as Ana so at least I can put them to sleep and wave at my leisure. the pirate's code! for the lulz Omnics deserve the right to exist as well. They said not to. What are you? Some kind of rape-murder? What kind of sick fuck kills someone without their consent. Because chivalry is not dead. There's something magical to the sudden break in the mindless shooting to realize that there's another person on the other end. Also, like the Borg not bothering with someone that isn't really a threat -- not worth the ammo or being a dick. Sad! What game is that? Overwatch this is easy to do. i once got all random people to stop fighting and chill on the objective the whole game edit: https://youtu.be/IG5KsOpTobw?t=1m38s Did you reply to yourself? sometimes Extra karma. They save gifs like these for multiplayer game threads They save relevance to add more relevance to the thread. I appreciate it. Better than seeing .gifs fractured all over the place. Sometimes fractured .gifs are relevant Tank you Noooo the gif cuts off the part where the terrorist drops a smoke so the CT can ninja-defuse! I picture the same tank driving doing all of these Reminds me of knife fights in cs. You'd swish your knife out and stab the air. If the other was not craven, you got yourself a good, clean knife fight. Rare, but fun :D This shit taught kids about honor back in the days. If someone swishes his knife, you either swish yours to confirm the duel, or fire a round to deny the challenge. Such are the rules. It is known. These are the ways of the dothraki. It is known. And if you had no honor, you were TKed next round. At the first 0.05 seconds of next round. These are the rules of the duel? Yeah. Break a deal, face the wheel. I remember in smash brothers we would taunt to show we were ready if we were done practicing or trying out a new combo. It was on after that taunt. If you hit me in an opening round taunt, I will do everything in my pathetic skill range to demoralise, humiliate and destroy you. CSGO. It was down to 1v1, me and the CT's last guy. I pulled my knife and swished.... Then heard him do it across the map. Shit was on. We found each other and we're strafing and trying to slash each other for a solid minute. Then he pulled his gun and killed me and won for his team. I don't like csgo. http://m.imgur.com/gallery/bDW7DCG Apparently Harrison Ford was really ill during that scene, and he and Spielberg just agreed that he should "just shoot the son of a bitch". He told that story on his Reddit AMA actually... Also Steve Buscemi was a K9 firefighter on 9/11 after Seth Macfarlane accidentally missed his flight. On the internet, nobody knows you're a K9 firefighter. K9/11 fire fighter jet fuel can't melt steel beams Kind of shitty. That wasn't even a random guy they cut. Apparently he had trained for it for months. I don't see how it's shitty. That's probably one of the most famous movie scenes ever. It's been shown and referenced far more than any generic action movie fight scene would have been. That scene has a funny backstory. They were supposed to have this awesome fight scene between Indy with his whip and the guy with the sword. Harrison Ford was very sick the day the scene was supposed to be shot and suggested Indy just shooting the guy instead. Which is funny, because I really feel like that scene did a good job of definiting Indy's personality. what an ass Something something dysentery. I just described this scene to OP without realizing it's what you posted. I read that Ford was feeling sick that day and didn't want to do the whole scene. I think you forgot this. Get rekt noob! and also the 'Cyka idiot why knif omg noob retard Blyat' get rekt knoob FTFY "NO HONOR" I did something similar once. It was down to 1v1 in a medieval CS-like game (M&B:Warband). I asked the guy in chat where he was from and while he was typing I threw a javelin in his face. Felt bad, but couldn't stop laughing. ...You're a monster. You bastard In the original Gears of War, people would signal to each other from across the map that they wanted to have a good clean shotgun fight, no lancers or pistols. Ugh, I LOVED shotgun fights in the original GoW. There was an art to the roll and blast. They nerfed it in the second one, and I havent played any of them since to see if it's improved. Seriously. That shit was the best part of the game. They somewhat brought it back by Gears 3 after everyone kept complaining (haven't played the 4th) but it was never the same, especially after they made the lancer bullets stop you in your fucking tracks. I honestly thought Gears 3 had much better multiplayer than 1 or 2. It was the first one I could actually play for hours/routinely like a CoD/Halo and still felt fun. Taking away the ability to shoot/roll simultaneously killed the franchise for me. The online in GoW2 was terrible, GoW3 was an improvement and still pretty fun, and then Judgment was legitimately one of the worst games I've ever bought. I traded it in for Halo 4 after two weeks. all i remember is getting stunned for 2 full seconds while swinging out in the open trying to signal them One shot stir fry was my favourite weapon too to play with. i remember you had to stab at the walls to let them hear the knife so that they knew it was time for a knife fight. Ah I miss these days of gamer integrity. Almost forgot about the good ole CS knife fights There was a old map with an Aztec temple and there was a two story room surrounded in pillars. Everyone would sit on the second level... Swoosh knife to declare a challenge, then those two would jump into the pit and fight to the death as everyone watched. Some of the most fun I've had. I have an irrational love for the word craven. I wish I remembered to capture it, but last night I was playing casual overwatch. Jumped over a building as Winston and just happened to land in between a Mercy and her team. None of her team had noticed me. I started to shock the shit out of her, but then she started mashing crouch so hard I couldn't help laughing. I did the "Hello" voiceline and she replied "Thank You". I jumped away and her team never even knew I was there. This is why I love Overwatch but you also have the meis and mccrees who shoot my tracer in the face during skirmish after first sitting around emoting and helloing for a minute. those fuckers. Then you want to make them pay. You put your mlg face on and go out. You take your first perfect shot... they found a game and disappeared. Fuck hold me. now kiss This is why I love gaming in general, such as TF2 FTFY My last skirmish, I was a Bastion, just roaming around and waving hello to the enemy. A Genji came up to me and started saying hello, but everytime I looked away, he would melee me and say hello again. So after a few times I got a little fed up and changed to turret form and he backed away, but I waved the little self healing arm at him and he came back. I started turning away and he moved forward to hit me and I spun and unloaded about 300 dps in his face. It was beautiful Is this a shooters thing? I think you will find this behavior in most games that have no means of communication between teams. That is one of the few understandable actions you can do to get your point across. Reminds me of that scene in Fury https://gfycat.com/DefinitiveMessyAsp Other team player waves "Hello!" "Hiya!" Welp, he's not a threat /r/gamersbeingbros I'm strangely disappointed that this isn't a thing. Edit: Now they've gone and done it! and now it is r/gamersbeingbros Im apart of history now. Being apart would suggest you've been removed from history, which is quite scary. Are you sure you wouldn't rather be a part of history? I'm proud of you. Nice! When I get a pc again I'll try to salvage some old disks... I have a few (very old) WoW screenshots that will fit right in over there! This is awesome It can be if you believe. And make it one. That would actually be a really cool sub In Planetside 2, me and one guy from the other team were capping the same location. We probably capped the place about 5 times each, back to back. I was cloaked the whole time but I started to feel that we had an understanding. When I intentionally revealed my self right in front of him, he killed me. We had something going there, but he blew it. I like sneaking up on enemy snipers and then sniping with them until they notice me. Sometimes it's pistols at dawn, and sometimes, just sometimes, you compete to see who can get the highest score while batting off derogatory comments from your own teams. ;) This is fantastic. I remember doing this in BF4 but I need to try it in BF1. Tends to work a little better in Planet Side because there's 3 factions, so it's entirely possible you'll both be shooting the same people so neither of you feels obligated to protect targets. There is no brotherhood in that game without a harasser. The number of times I've been solo harassering, bumped into another, then had an impromptu race (because fuck the war) So disappoointed :( /r/canadiansgaming include me in the screencap Edit: nevermind, made my own I'm glad that this is a thing You basically created a sub. Ugh.. I NEED MORE! I felt like being nice once. Then I noticed my Ult was charged. Hahaha, that's awesome Or the double honk in GTA:O. This guy be creepin', though. Well that dude is pretty ~chill~ tranquil. I'd kick it in the back of his truck for a bit. Embrace Tranquility Gaze into the anus That anus is heinous. They hate us cuz they anus. We disdain 'em cuz we stain 'em A very HeinusSprainusAnus, in fact. Say heinus anus one too many times and he appears like candyman /r/wehaveseenthebutthole um wot How do we identify the Almighty Butthole? Relevant username. Experience Tranquility Tranquility intensifies *Tankquility LOL. It's awesome how he just looks back at his team like, "Uh, guys? Shit they're gone..." When this came up a while ago, folk were saying "Why didn't he warn the guys?!" but he likely couldn't even if he wanted to. I mean, he could have saved his team by shooting the guy, but the dude got into a position to watch at least three guys walk by obliviously so yeah, maybe he deserves this gimme. Aren't you that guy who fucks cats or something? See, I thought he was a goat fucker too. But I had him tagged. Now I don't. So... this may be a different guy. But he has so much karma Can someone explain to me why you wouldn't just kill these guys? Edit: Okay guys I get it. I was just thinking there was more to it then that. Please don't kill me. Because they asked them not to. Don't kill me pls Cause they're having fun with each other? I play video games and Magic: The Gathering. Sometimes it's more fun to leave the guy who's derping around so he can learn how to play properly. Sometimes it's easier to kill them instantly, but then the fun is one-sided. I do this on overwatch a lot. I like being roadhog, using my hook on a mercy to pull her close, then just wave at them and walk away. I like you. Weapons dealers hate him! I would laugh my ass off if that happened to me. I really want to get better with Hog so I can justify doing that. And then she kills you with her pistol that does a... Damage that is surprising? Hahahaha that's brilliant. Gonna do this to someone. You should make a montage of that. Obviously does not play magic competitively. 5-0s and 3-0s. I play Limited now, hosting Phantom Drafts with all the original Zendikar and Innistrad packs i saved up. Brag over: Casual EDH is not so fun when the same jackass plays Lighthouse Chronologist in MonoU - i'll bin off that guy all day long just to see Little Ben pull of a janky combo with cheap cards he got from his brother. for me, this is like trying to read chinese. Lol I have no idea what you just said That's when you pull out the Phelddagrif EDH deck and hug them. To death. ಠ_ಠ Could be worse. Could be Geist. It would be terribly impolite. Impolite Unnice I mean, neither are wrong. One's just less unwrong than the other. nonpolite Antifriendship Imirony Hi Irony, I'm Dad. Well m'memed. Because it's a nice experience to have shared with another player. Because they're being peaceful and just wave at you? I think our explanations would be wasted on you, evil one. I think it's just a gesture of good sportsmanship. Most of these people are in no position to fight back, so it's just to be friendly. IKR?! If you kill the dude with the pea-shooter he'll just respawn at the start again and the whole trek would be wasted. I once didn't shoot someone in the face during a game of r/Outside paintball and they took the flag. I mean, would you shoot someone 10ft away if only their face was showing? (Yeah, me too, i shot that guy in the face...) "You play to win the game!" - Herm Edwards Cuz it's funny not to Does your username work? lolol Haha no ;-; I feel your pain :( Asking that question already makes you unworthy. Also, if you kill someones who shakes at you, i automatically assume youre inbred. Like the tryhard Symmetras in Skirmish. It's always the Symmetras and Pharahs for some reason. Why won't they let me sit and wave in peace? Also Mccree, it's why I usually skirmish as Ana so at least I can put them to sleep and wave at my leisure. the pirate's code! for the lulz Omnics deserve the right to exist as well. They said not to. What are you? Some kind of rape-murder? What kind of sick fuck kills someone without their consent. Because chivalry is not dead. There's something magical to the sudden break in the mindless shooting to realize that there's another person on the other end. Also, like the Borg not bothering with someone that isn't really a threat -- not worth the ammo or being a dick. Sad! What game is that? Overwatch this is easy to do. i once got all random people to stop fighting and chill on the objective the whole game edit: https://youtu.be/IG5KsOpTobw?t=1m38s Did you reply to yourself? sometimes Extra karma. They save gifs like these for multiplayer game threads They save relevance to add more relevance to the thread. I appreciate it. Better than seeing .gifs fractured all over the place. Sometimes fractured .gifs are relevant Tank you Noooo the gif cuts off the part where the terrorist drops a smoke so the CT can ninja-defuse! I picture the same tank driving doing all of these Other team player waves "Hello!" "Hiya!" Welp, he's not a threat /r/gamersbeingbros I'm strangely disappointed that this isn't a thing. Edit: Now they've gone and done it! and now it is r/gamersbeingbros Im apart of history now. Being apart would suggest you've been removed from history, which is quite scary. Are you sure you wouldn't rather be a part of history? I'm proud of you. Nice! When I get a pc again I'll try to salvage some old disks... I have a few (very old) WoW screenshots that will fit right in over there! This is awesome It can be if you believe. And make it one. That would actually be a really cool sub In Planetside 2, me and one guy from the other team were capping the same location. We probably capped the place about 5 times each, back to back. I was cloaked the whole time but I started to feel that we had an understanding. When I intentionally revealed my self right in front of him, he killed me. We had something going there, but he blew it. I like sneaking up on enemy snipers and then sniping with them until they notice me. Sometimes it's pistols at dawn, and sometimes, just sometimes, you compete to see who can get the highest score while batting off derogatory comments from your own teams. ;) This is fantastic. I remember doing this in BF4 but I need to try it in BF1. Tends to work a little better in Planet Side because there's 3 factions, so it's entirely possible you'll both be shooting the same people so neither of you feels obligated to protect targets. There is no brotherhood in that game without a harasser. The number of times I've been solo harassering, bumped into another, then had an impromptu race (because fuck the war) So disappoointed :( /r/canadiansgaming include me in the screencap Edit: nevermind, made my own I'm glad that this is a thing You basically created a sub. Ugh.. I NEED MORE! I felt like being nice once. Then I noticed my Ult was charged. Hahaha, that's awesome Or the double honk in GTA:O. This guy be creepin', though. Well that dude is pretty ~chill~ tranquil. I'd kick it in the back of his truck for a bit. Embrace Tranquility Gaze into the anus That anus is heinous. They hate us cuz they anus. We disdain 'em cuz we stain 'em A very HeinusSprainusAnus, in fact. Say heinus anus one too many times and he appears like candyman /r/wehaveseenthebutthole um wot How do we identify the Almighty Butthole? Relevant username. Experience Tranquility Tranquility intensifies *Tankquility LOL. It's awesome how he just looks back at his team like, "Uh, guys? Shit they're gone..." When this came up a while ago, folk were saying "Why didn't he warn the guys?!" but he likely couldn't even if he wanted to. I mean, he could have saved his team by shooting the guy, but the dude got into a position to watch at least three guys walk by obliviously so yeah, maybe he deserves this gimme. Aren't you that guy who fucks cats or something? See, I thought he was a goat fucker too. But I had him tagged. Now I don't. So... this may be a different guy. But he has so much karma Can someone explain to me why you wouldn't just kill these guys? Edit: Okay guys I get it. I was just thinking there was more to it then that. Please don't kill me. Because they asked them not to. Don't kill me pls Cause they're having fun with each other? I play video games and Magic: The Gathering. Sometimes it's more fun to leave the guy who's derping around so he can learn how to play properly. Sometimes it's easier to kill them instantly, but then the fun is one-sided. I do this on overwatch a lot. I like being roadhog, using my hook on a mercy to pull her close, then just wave at them and walk away. I like you. Weapons dealers hate him! I would laugh my ass off if that happened to me. I really want to get better with Hog so I can justify doing that. And then she kills you with her pistol that does a... Damage that is surprising? Hahahaha that's brilliant. Gonna do this to someone. You should make a montage of that. Obviously does not play magic competitively. 5-0s and 3-0s. I play Limited now, hosting Phantom Drafts with all the original Zendikar and Innistrad packs i saved up. Brag over: Casual EDH is not so fun when the same jackass plays Lighthouse Chronologist in MonoU - i'll bin off that guy all day long just to see Little Ben pull of a janky combo with cheap cards he got from his brother. for me, this is like trying to read chinese. Lol I have no idea what you just said That's when you pull out the Phelddagrif EDH deck and hug them. To death. ಠ_ಠ Could be worse. Could be Geist. It would be terribly impolite. Impolite Unnice I mean, neither are wrong. One's just less unwrong than the other. nonpolite Antifriendship Imirony Hi Irony, I'm Dad. Well m'memed. Because it's a nice experience to have shared with another player. Because they're being peaceful and just wave at you? I think our explanations would be wasted on you, evil one. I think it's just a gesture of good sportsmanship. Most of these people are in no position to fight back, so it's just to be friendly. IKR?! If you kill the dude with the pea-shooter he'll just respawn at the start again and the whole trek would be wasted. I once didn't shoot someone in the face during a game of r/Outside paintball and they took the flag. I mean, would you shoot someone 10ft away if only their face was showing? (Yeah, me too, i shot that guy in the face...) "You play to win the game!" - Herm Edwards Cuz it's funny not to Does your username work? lolol Haha no ;-; I feel your pain :( Asking that question already makes you unworthy. Also, if you kill someones who shakes at you, i automatically assume youre inbred. Like the tryhard Symmetras in Skirmish. It's always the Symmetras and Pharahs for some reason. Why won't they let me sit and wave in peace? Also Mccree, it's why I usually skirmish as Ana so at least I can put them to sleep and wave at my leisure. the pirate's code! for the lulz Omnics deserve the right to exist as well. They said not to. What are you? Some kind of rape-murder? What kind of sick fuck kills someone without their consent. Because chivalry is not dead. There's something magical to the sudden break in the mindless shooting to realize that there's another person on the other end. Also, like the Borg not bothering with someone that isn't really a threat -- not worth the ammo or being a dick. Sad! What game is that? Overwatch this is easy to do. i once got all random people to stop fighting and chill on the objective the whole game edit: https://youtu.be/IG5KsOpTobw?t=1m38s /r/gamersbeingbros I'm strangely disappointed that this isn't a thing. Edit: Now they've gone and done it! and now it is r/gamersbeingbros Im apart of history now. Being apart would suggest you've been removed from history, which is quite scary. Are you sure you wouldn't rather be a part of history? I'm proud of you. Nice! When I get a pc again I'll try to salvage some old disks... I have a few (very old) WoW screenshots that will fit right in over there! This is awesome It can be if you believe. And make it one. That would actually be a really cool sub In Planetside 2, me and one guy from the other team were capping the same location. We probably capped the place about 5 times each, back to back. I was cloaked the whole time but I started to feel that we had an understanding. When I intentionally revealed my self right in front of him, he killed me. We had something going there, but he blew it. I like sneaking up on enemy snipers and then sniping with them until they notice me. Sometimes it's pistols at dawn, and sometimes, just sometimes, you compete to see who can get the highest score while batting off derogatory comments from your own teams. ;) This is fantastic. I remember doing this in BF4 but I need to try it in BF1. Tends to work a little better in Planet Side because there's 3 factions, so it's entirely possible you'll both be shooting the same people so neither of you feels obligated to protect targets. There is no brotherhood in that game without a harasser. The number of times I've been solo harassering, bumped into another, then had an impromptu race (because fuck the war) So disappoointed :( /r/canadiansgaming include me in the screencap Edit: nevermind, made my own I'm glad that this is a thing You basically created a sub. Ugh.. I NEED MORE! I felt like being nice once. Then I noticed my Ult was charged. Hahaha, that's awesome Or the double honk in GTA:O. This guy be creepin', though. Well that dude is pretty ~chill~ tranquil. I'd kick it in the back of his truck for a bit. I'm strangely disappointed that this isn't a thing. Edit: Now they've gone and done it! and now it is r/gamersbeingbros Im apart of history now. Being apart would suggest you've been removed from history, which is quite scary. Are you sure you wouldn't rather be a part of history? I'm proud of you. Nice! When I get a pc again I'll try to salvage some old disks... I have a few (very old) WoW screenshots that will fit right in over there! This is awesome It can be if you believe. And make it one. That would actually be a really cool sub In Planetside 2, me and one guy from the other team were capping the same location. We probably capped the place about 5 times each, back to back. I was cloaked the whole time but I started to feel that we had an understanding. When I intentionally revealed my self right in front of him, he killed me. We had something going there, but he blew it. I like sneaking up on enemy snipers and then sniping with them until they notice me. Sometimes it's pistols at dawn, and sometimes, just sometimes, you compete to see who can get the highest score while batting off derogatory comments from your own teams. ;) This is fantastic. I remember doing this in BF4 but I need to try it in BF1. Tends to work a little better in Planet Side because there's 3 factions, so it's entirely possible you'll both be shooting the same people so neither of you feels obligated to protect targets. There is no brotherhood in that game without a harasser. The number of times I've been solo harassering, bumped into another, then had an impromptu race (because fuck the war) So disappoointed :( /r/canadiansgaming include me in the screencap Edit: nevermind, made my own I'm glad that this is a thing You basically created a sub. and now it is r/gamersbeingbros Im apart of history now. Being apart would suggest you've been removed from history, which is quite scary. Are you sure you wouldn't rather be a part of history? I'm proud of you. Nice! When I get a pc again I'll try to salvage some old disks... I have a few (very old) WoW screenshots that will fit right in over there! This is awesome It can be if you believe. And make it one. That would actually be a really cool sub Im apart of history now. Being apart would suggest you've been removed from history, which is quite scary. Are you sure you wouldn't rather be a part of history? I'm proud of you. Nice! When I get a pc again I'll try to salvage some old disks... I have a few (very old) WoW screenshots that will fit right in over there! This is awesome Being apart would suggest you've been removed from history, which is quite scary. Are you sure you wouldn't rather be a part of history? I'm proud of you. That would actually be a really cool sub I like sneaking up on enemy snipers and then sniping with them until they notice me. Sometimes it's pistols at dawn, and sometimes, just sometimes, you compete to see who can get the highest score while batting off derogatory comments from your own teams. ;) This is fantastic. I remember doing this in BF4 but I need to try it in BF1. Tends to work a little better in Planet Side because there's 3 factions, so it's entirely possible you'll both be shooting the same people so neither of you feels obligated to protect targets. There is no brotherhood in that game without a harasser. The number of times I've been solo harassering, bumped into another, then had an impromptu race (because fuck the war) This is fantastic. I remember doing this in BF4 but I need to try it in BF1. Tends to work a little better in Planet Side because there's 3 factions, so it's entirely possible you'll both be shooting the same people so neither of you feels obligated to protect targets. Tends to work a little better in Planet Side because there's 3 factions, so it's entirely possible you'll both be shooting the same people so neither of you feels obligated to protect targets. Hahaha, that's awesome Gaze into the anus That anus is heinous. They hate us cuz they anus. We disdain 'em cuz we stain 'em A very HeinusSprainusAnus, in fact. Say heinus anus one too many times and he appears like candyman /r/wehaveseenthebutthole um wot How do we identify the Almighty Butthole? Relevant username. Experience Tranquility Tranquility intensifies *Tankquility That anus is heinous. They hate us cuz they anus. We disdain 'em cuz we stain 'em A very HeinusSprainusAnus, in fact. Say heinus anus one too many times and he appears like candyman /r/wehaveseenthebutthole um wot How do we identify the Almighty Butthole? They hate us cuz they anus. We disdain 'em cuz we stain 'em A very HeinusSprainusAnus, in fact. Say heinus anus one too many times and he appears like candyman We disdain 'em cuz we stain 'em Say heinus anus one too many times and he appears like candyman um wot How do we identify the Almighty Butthole? When this came up a while ago, folk were saying "Why didn't he warn the guys?!" but he likely couldn't even if he wanted to. I mean, he could have saved his team by shooting the guy, but the dude got into a position to watch at least three guys walk by obliviously so yeah, maybe he deserves this gimme. See, I thought he was a goat fucker too. But I had him tagged. Now I don't. So... this may be a different guy. But he has so much karma Because they asked them not to. Don't kill me pls Cause they're having fun with each other? I play video games and Magic: The Gathering. Sometimes it's more fun to leave the guy who's derping around so he can learn how to play properly. Sometimes it's easier to kill them instantly, but then the fun is one-sided. I do this on overwatch a lot. I like being roadhog, using my hook on a mercy to pull her close, then just wave at them and walk away. I like you. Weapons dealers hate him! I would laugh my ass off if that happened to me. I really want to get better with Hog so I can justify doing that. And then she kills you with her pistol that does a... Damage that is surprising? Hahahaha that's brilliant. Gonna do this to someone. You should make a montage of that. Obviously does not play magic competitively. 5-0s and 3-0s. I play Limited now, hosting Phantom Drafts with all the original Zendikar and Innistrad packs i saved up. Brag over: Casual EDH is not so fun when the same jackass plays Lighthouse Chronologist in MonoU - i'll bin off that guy all day long just to see Little Ben pull of a janky combo with cheap cards he got from his brother. for me, this is like trying to read chinese. Lol I have no idea what you just said That's when you pull out the Phelddagrif EDH deck and hug them. To death. ಠ_ಠ Could be worse. Could be Geist. It would be terribly impolite. Impolite Unnice I mean, neither are wrong. One's just less unwrong than the other. nonpolite Antifriendship Imirony Hi Irony, I'm Dad. Well m'memed. Because it's a nice experience to have shared with another player. Because they're being peaceful and just wave at you? I think our explanations would be wasted on you, evil one. I think it's just a gesture of good sportsmanship. Most of these people are in no position to fight back, so it's just to be friendly. IKR?! If you kill the dude with the pea-shooter he'll just respawn at the start again and the whole trek would be wasted. I once didn't shoot someone in the face during a game of r/Outside paintball and they took the flag. I mean, would you shoot someone 10ft away if only their face was showing? (Yeah, me too, i shot that guy in the face...) "You play to win the game!" - Herm Edwards Cuz it's funny not to Does your username work? lolol Haha no ;-; I feel your pain :( Asking that question already makes you unworthy. Also, if you kill someones who shakes at you, i automatically assume youre inbred. Like the tryhard Symmetras in Skirmish. It's always the Symmetras and Pharahs for some reason. Why won't they let me sit and wave in peace? Also Mccree, it's why I usually skirmish as Ana so at least I can put them to sleep and wave at my leisure. the pirate's code! for the lulz Omnics deserve the right to exist as well. They said not to. What are you? Some kind of rape-murder? What kind of sick fuck kills someone without their consent. Because chivalry is not dead. There's something magical to the sudden break in the mindless shooting to realize that there's another person on the other end. Also, like the Borg not bothering with someone that isn't really a threat -- not worth the ammo or being a dick. Sad! Don't kill me pls I play video games and Magic: The Gathering. Sometimes it's more fun to leave the guy who's derping around so he can learn how to play properly. Sometimes it's easier to kill them instantly, but then the fun is one-sided. I do this on overwatch a lot. I like being roadhog, using my hook on a mercy to pull her close, then just wave at them and walk away. I like you. Weapons dealers hate him! I would laugh my ass off if that happened to me. I really want to get better with Hog so I can justify doing that. And then she kills you with her pistol that does a... Damage that is surprising? Hahahaha that's brilliant. Gonna do this to someone. You should make a montage of that. Obviously does not play magic competitively. 5-0s and 3-0s. I play Limited now, hosting Phantom Drafts with all the original Zendikar and Innistrad packs i saved up. Brag over: Casual EDH is not so fun when the same jackass plays Lighthouse Chronologist in MonoU - i'll bin off that guy all day long just to see Little Ben pull of a janky combo with cheap cards he got from his brother. for me, this is like trying to read chinese. Lol I have no idea what you just said That's when you pull out the Phelddagrif EDH deck and hug them. To death. ಠ_ಠ Could be worse. Could be Geist. I do this on overwatch a lot. I like being roadhog, using my hook on a mercy to pull her close, then just wave at them and walk away. I like you. Weapons dealers hate him! I would laugh my ass off if that happened to me. I really want to get better with Hog so I can justify doing that. And then she kills you with her pistol that does a... Damage that is surprising? Hahahaha that's brilliant. Gonna do this to someone. You should make a montage of that. Obviously does not play magic competitively. 5-0s and 3-0s. I play Limited now, hosting Phantom Drafts with all the original Zendikar and Innistrad packs i saved up. Brag over: Casual EDH is not so fun when the same jackass plays Lighthouse Chronologist in MonoU - i'll bin off that guy all day long just to see Little Ben pull of a janky combo with cheap cards he got from his brother. for me, this is like trying to read chinese. Lol I have no idea what you just said That's when you pull out the Phelddagrif EDH deck and hug them. To death. ಠ_ಠ Could be worse. Could be Geist. I like you. Weapons dealers hate him! I would laugh my ass off if that happened to me. I really want to get better with Hog so I can justify doing that. And then she kills you with her pistol that does a... Damage that is surprising? Hahahaha that's brilliant. Gonna do this to someone. You should make a montage of that. Weapons dealers hate him! Damage that is surprising? 5-0s and 3-0s. I play Limited now, hosting Phantom Drafts with all the original Zendikar and Innistrad packs i saved up. Brag over: Casual EDH is not so fun when the same jackass plays Lighthouse Chronologist in MonoU - i'll bin off that guy all day long just to see Little Ben pull of a janky combo with cheap cards he got from his brother. for me, this is like trying to read chinese. Lol I have no idea what you just said for me, this is like trying to read chinese. Lol I have no idea what you just said ಠ_ಠ Could be worse. Could be Geist. Could be worse. Could be Geist. Impolite Unnice I mean, neither are wrong. One's just less unwrong than the other. nonpolite Antifriendship Imirony Hi Irony, I'm Dad. Well m'memed. Unnice I mean, neither are wrong. One's just less unwrong than the other. nonpolite Antifriendship Imirony Hi Irony, I'm Dad. Well m'memed. Hi Irony, I'm Dad. Well m'memed. Well m'memed. IKR?! If you kill the dude with the pea-shooter he'll just respawn at the start again and the whole trek would be wasted. I once didn't shoot someone in the face during a game of r/Outside paintball and they took the flag. I mean, would you shoot someone 10ft away if only their face was showing? (Yeah, me too, i shot that guy in the face...) "You play to win the game!" - Herm Edwards "You play to win the game!" - Herm Edwards Does your username work? lolol Haha no ;-; I feel your pain :( Haha no ;-; I feel your pain :( I feel your pain :( Like the tryhard Symmetras in Skirmish. It's always the Symmetras and Pharahs for some reason. Why won't they let me sit and wave in peace? Also Mccree, it's why I usually skirmish as Ana so at least I can put them to sleep and wave at my leisure. It's always the Symmetras and Pharahs for some reason. Why won't they let me sit and wave in peace? Also Mccree, it's why I usually skirmish as Ana so at least I can put them to sleep and wave at my leisure. Also Mccree, it's why I usually skirmish as Ana so at least I can put them to sleep and wave at my leisure. Overwatch sometimes Extra karma. They save gifs like these for multiplayer game threads They save relevance to add more relevance to the thread. I appreciate it. Better than seeing .gifs fractured all over the place. Sometimes fractured .gifs are relevant They save relevance to add more relevance to the thread. I appreciate it. Better than seeing .gifs fractured all over the place. Sometimes fractured .gifs are relevant Sometimes fractured .gifs are relevant This shit taught kids about honor back in the days. If someone swishes his knife, you either swish yours to confirm the duel, or fire a round to deny the challenge. Such are the rules. It is known. These are the ways of the dothraki. It is known. And if you had no honor, you were TKed next round. At the first 0.05 seconds of next round. These are the rules of the duel? Yeah. Break a deal, face the wheel. I remember in smash brothers we would taunt to show we were ready if we were done practicing or trying out a new combo. It was on after that taunt. If you hit me in an opening round taunt, I will do everything in my pathetic skill range to demoralise, humiliate and destroy you. CSGO. It was down to 1v1, me and the CT's last guy. I pulled my knife and swished.... Then heard him do it across the map. Shit was on. We found each other and we're strafing and trying to slash each other for a solid minute. Then he pulled his gun and killed me and won for his team. I don't like csgo. http://m.imgur.com/gallery/bDW7DCG Apparently Harrison Ford was really ill during that scene, and he and Spielberg just agreed that he should "just shoot the son of a bitch". He told that story on his Reddit AMA actually... Also Steve Buscemi was a K9 firefighter on 9/11 after Seth Macfarlane accidentally missed his flight. On the internet, nobody knows you're a K9 firefighter. K9/11 fire fighter jet fuel can't melt steel beams Kind of shitty. That wasn't even a random guy they cut. Apparently he had trained for it for months. I don't see how it's shitty. That's probably one of the most famous movie scenes ever. It's been shown and referenced far more than any generic action movie fight scene would have been. That scene has a funny backstory. They were supposed to have this awesome fight scene between Indy with his whip and the guy with the sword. Harrison Ford was very sick the day the scene was supposed to be shot and suggested Indy just shooting the guy instead. Which is funny, because I really feel like that scene did a good job of definiting Indy's personality. what an ass Something something dysentery. I just described this scene to OP without realizing it's what you posted. I read that Ford was feeling sick that day and didn't want to do the whole scene. I think you forgot this. Get rekt noob! and also the 'Cyka idiot why knif omg noob retard Blyat' get rekt knoob FTFY "NO HONOR" I did something similar once. It was down to 1v1 in a medieval CS-like game (M&B:Warband). I asked the guy in chat where he was from and while he was typing I threw a javelin in his face. Felt bad, but couldn't stop laughing. ...You're a monster. You bastard In the original Gears of War, people would signal to each other from across the map that they wanted to have a good clean shotgun fight, no lancers or pistols. Ugh, I LOVED shotgun fights in the original GoW. There was an art to the roll and blast. They nerfed it in the second one, and I havent played any of them since to see if it's improved. Seriously. That shit was the best part of the game. They somewhat brought it back by Gears 3 after everyone kept complaining (haven't played the 4th) but it was never the same, especially after they made the lancer bullets stop you in your fucking tracks. I honestly thought Gears 3 had much better multiplayer than 1 or 2. It was the first one I could actually play for hours/routinely like a CoD/Halo and still felt fun. Taking away the ability to shoot/roll simultaneously killed the franchise for me. The online in GoW2 was terrible, GoW3 was an improvement and still pretty fun, and then Judgment was legitimately one of the worst games I've ever bought. I traded it in for Halo 4 after two weeks. all i remember is getting stunned for 2 full seconds while swinging out in the open trying to signal them One shot stir fry was my favourite weapon too to play with. i remember you had to stab at the walls to let them hear the knife so that they knew it was time for a knife fight. Ah I miss these days of gamer integrity. Almost forgot about the good ole CS knife fights There was a old map with an Aztec temple and there was a two story room surrounded in pillars. Everyone would sit on the second level... Swoosh knife to declare a challenge, then those two would jump into the pit and fight to the death as everyone watched. Some of the most fun I've had. I have an irrational love for the word craven. It is known. These are the ways of the dothraki. It is known. And if you had no honor, you were TKed next round. At the first 0.05 seconds of next round. These are the rules of the duel? Yeah. Break a deal, face the wheel. I remember in smash brothers we would taunt to show we were ready if we were done practicing or trying out a new combo. It was on after that taunt. If you hit me in an opening round taunt, I will do everything in my pathetic skill range to demoralise, humiliate and destroy you. These are the ways of the dothraki. It is known. At the first 0.05 seconds of next round. Yeah. Break a deal, face the wheel. If you hit me in an opening round taunt, I will do everything in my pathetic skill range to demoralise, humiliate and destroy you. http://m.imgur.com/gallery/bDW7DCG Apparently Harrison Ford was really ill during that scene, and he and Spielberg just agreed that he should "just shoot the son of a bitch". He told that story on his Reddit AMA actually... Also Steve Buscemi was a K9 firefighter on 9/11 after Seth Macfarlane accidentally missed his flight. On the internet, nobody knows you're a K9 firefighter. K9/11 fire fighter jet fuel can't melt steel beams Kind of shitty. That wasn't even a random guy they cut. Apparently he had trained for it for months. I don't see how it's shitty. That's probably one of the most famous movie scenes ever. It's been shown and referenced far more than any generic action movie fight scene would have been. That scene has a funny backstory. They were supposed to have this awesome fight scene between Indy with his whip and the guy with the sword. Harrison Ford was very sick the day the scene was supposed to be shot and suggested Indy just shooting the guy instead. Which is funny, because I really feel like that scene did a good job of definiting Indy's personality. what an ass Something something dysentery. I just described this scene to OP without realizing it's what you posted. I read that Ford was feeling sick that day and didn't want to do the whole scene. I think you forgot this. Get rekt noob! and also the 'Cyka idiot why knif omg noob retard Blyat' get rekt knoob FTFY "NO HONOR" I did something similar once. It was down to 1v1 in a medieval CS-like game (M&B:Warband). I asked the guy in chat where he was from and while he was typing I threw a javelin in his face. Felt bad, but couldn't stop laughing. ...You're a monster. You bastard Apparently Harrison Ford was really ill during that scene, and he and Spielberg just agreed that he should "just shoot the son of a bitch". He told that story on his Reddit AMA actually... Also Steve Buscemi was a K9 firefighter on 9/11 after Seth Macfarlane accidentally missed his flight. On the internet, nobody knows you're a K9 firefighter. K9/11 fire fighter jet fuel can't melt steel beams Kind of shitty. That wasn't even a random guy they cut. Apparently he had trained for it for months. I don't see how it's shitty. That's probably one of the most famous movie scenes ever. It's been shown and referenced far more than any generic action movie fight scene would have been. That scene has a funny backstory. They were supposed to have this awesome fight scene between Indy with his whip and the guy with the sword. Harrison Ford was very sick the day the scene was supposed to be shot and suggested Indy just shooting the guy instead. Which is funny, because I really feel like that scene did a good job of definiting Indy's personality. what an ass Something something dysentery. I just described this scene to OP without realizing it's what you posted. I read that Ford was feeling sick that day and didn't want to do the whole scene. Also Steve Buscemi was a K9 firefighter on 9/11 after Seth Macfarlane accidentally missed his flight. On the internet, nobody knows you're a K9 firefighter. K9/11 fire fighter jet fuel can't melt steel beams Kind of shitty. That wasn't even a random guy they cut. Apparently he had trained for it for months. I don't see how it's shitty. That's probably one of the most famous movie scenes ever. It's been shown and referenced far more than any generic action movie fight scene would have been. On the internet, nobody knows you're a K9 firefighter. K9/11 fire fighter jet fuel can't melt steel beams I don't see how it's shitty. That's probably one of the most famous movie scenes ever. It's been shown and referenced far more than any generic action movie fight scene would have been. Which is funny, because I really feel like that scene did a good job of definiting Indy's personality. Something something dysentery. and also the 'Cyka idiot why knif omg noob retard Blyat' get rekt knoob FTFY ...You're a monster. You bastard Ugh, I LOVED shotgun fights in the original GoW. There was an art to the roll and blast. They nerfed it in the second one, and I havent played any of them since to see if it's improved. Seriously. That shit was the best part of the game. They somewhat brought it back by Gears 3 after everyone kept complaining (haven't played the 4th) but it was never the same, especially after they made the lancer bullets stop you in your fucking tracks. I honestly thought Gears 3 had much better multiplayer than 1 or 2. It was the first one I could actually play for hours/routinely like a CoD/Halo and still felt fun. Taking away the ability to shoot/roll simultaneously killed the franchise for me. The online in GoW2 was terrible, GoW3 was an improvement and still pretty fun, and then Judgment was legitimately one of the worst games I've ever bought. I traded it in for Halo 4 after two weeks. all i remember is getting stunned for 2 full seconds while swinging out in the open trying to signal them One shot stir fry was my favourite weapon too to play with. Seriously. That shit was the best part of the game. They somewhat brought it back by Gears 3 after everyone kept complaining (haven't played the 4th) but it was never the same, especially after they made the lancer bullets stop you in your fucking tracks. I honestly thought Gears 3 had much better multiplayer than 1 or 2. It was the first one I could actually play for hours/routinely like a CoD/Halo and still felt fun. Taking away the ability to shoot/roll simultaneously killed the franchise for me. The online in GoW2 was terrible, GoW3 was an improvement and still pretty fun, and then Judgment was legitimately one of the worst games I've ever bought. I traded it in for Halo 4 after two weeks. I honestly thought Gears 3 had much better multiplayer than 1 or 2. It was the first one I could actually play for hours/routinely like a CoD/Halo and still felt fun. There was a old map with an Aztec temple and there was a two story room surrounded in pillars. Everyone would sit on the second level... Swoosh knife to declare a challenge, then those two would jump into the pit and fight to the death as everyone watched. Some of the most fun I've had. This is why I love Overwatch but you also have the meis and mccrees who shoot my tracer in the face during skirmish after first sitting around emoting and helloing for a minute. those fuckers. Then you want to make them pay. You put your mlg face on and go out. You take your first perfect shot... they found a game and disappeared. Fuck hold me. now kiss This is why I love gaming in general, such as TF2 FTFY My last skirmish, I was a Bastion, just roaming around and waving hello to the enemy. A Genji came up to me and started saying hello, but everytime I looked away, he would melee me and say hello again. So after a few times I got a little fed up and changed to turret form and he backed away, but I waved the little self healing arm at him and he came back. I started turning away and he moved forward to hit me and I spun and unloaded about 300 dps in his face. It was beautiful but you also have the meis and mccrees who shoot my tracer in the face during skirmish after first sitting around emoting and helloing for a minute. those fuckers. Then you want to make them pay. You put your mlg face on and go out. You take your first perfect shot... they found a game and disappeared. Fuck hold me. now kiss This is why I love gaming in general, such as TF2 FTFY My last skirmish, I was a Bastion, just roaming around and waving hello to the enemy. A Genji came up to me and started saying hello, but everytime I looked away, he would melee me and say hello again. So after a few times I got a little fed up and changed to turret form and he backed away, but I waved the little self healing arm at him and he came back. I started turning away and he moved forward to hit me and I spun and unloaded about 300 dps in his face. It was beautiful Then you want to make them pay. You put your mlg face on and go out. You take your first perfect shot... they found a game and disappeared. Fuck hold me. now kiss hold me. now kiss now kiss I think you will find this behavior in most games that have no means of communication between teams. That is one of the few understandable actions you can do to get your point across. /r/gamersbeingbros was just started as a result of this thread For that WW1 feel. Where did you get this real footage? OP's is just colourized and sharpened. I hit ctl-z twice. That doesn't sound right, but I don't know enough about video editing to dispute you. He's lying. Open the gif in a new window and hit alt+F4 to see. *new tab Wake up! Tabs are so 2016. is nothing sacred to hipsters?! In that case, if you're on google chrome, open that gif in a new tab then hit ctrl + w to see This trick only works if you delete your system32 folder first though. I tried to do that but I'm on a mac. How do I delete the System32 folder on a mac? (edit: I love that I got serious replies to this. Reddit so helpful) Don't forget to delete system32 Amateur video editor here, I can assure you that's how it works. He's just giving the clip the nice smokey smell that we all like Just make sure to turn on the Coors sign before you open the bar The internet. Where arguments fizzle out before anyone can be bothered to finish a s ...hit? Yeah, there ya go, m -ary, that wasn't so ha mburgers are go You... you're one of those funny guys my mother warned me about, aren't you? (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞ OP is a time traveler From the past MARTY! We've got to go back to stop the jet pack games, soon there will be no boots on ground combat! Marty! You need to [belch] suck my balls, Marty! That's the only way we [burp] can go back in time! Well then get your shit together. Get it all together and put it in a backpack, all your shit, so it's together. ...and if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere ya know? Take it to the shit store and sell it, or put it in a shit museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together... Get your shit together. This line makes me laugh ever time *mharti Alright, doc. I'm down. You're not Marty! Username doesn't check out Bore! But he is a nice, refreshing, belch er, was, a nice refreshing glass of water. edit: So I was using Swype when I originally made this comment. I don't know what I meant to type anymore, but it sure as hell wasn't bore Also known as a senior citizen. Yes? Holy fucking shit How the fuck did he get past the librarian to get the amulet? They have strict rules against using magic in the library Significantly better than actual footage I have seen from the era. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSwGT_-WrhE This footage is from Wings (1927). It depicts the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and used over 3500 extras. Edit: misspell This footage is from Wings (1990). It features stock plane footage and kept a bunch of d-list celebrities employed for seven years. This footage is from the wing (1963) It features a gremlin on the wing. This footage is from Gremlins 2 (1990). It features a gremlin with wings. 4:45 minute mark... Start there... Actually pretty funny dialog. I ended up watching the whole episode. Wings isn't too bad. Was that the movie made by Howard Hughes? (The guy that The Aviator was about) This is Wings with an ex-Beatle My lord this is crazy If this is real, it's the best WWI footage I've ever seen. There's a great documentary series using tons of coloured footage from WW1 that's amazingly well done. I believe it's called Apocalypse: World War One using tons of coloured footage from WW1 WW1 in color? Footage of an unnamed war hero bravely defending his battalion from tank fire. Circa 1915 the renault ft was made from 1917-1949. I've read about this moment in history books. Do I look like I know what a daguerreotype is? I just want a picture of a got dang leberwurst. Fake, they didn't have pixels back then. It was the past. If anything there were more pixels around because we hadn't yet started using them all up. That's why old games look pixely. But now we're starting to run out of this natural resource. In twenty years we won't be able to blur out anyone's face for their protection. They'll be forced to wear a bit of frosted glass over their head. Since when has WW1 era film looked like compressed black and white video? WW1 footage wouldn't have those box-shaped digital artifacts muh jpegs! I feel like I've poured soup into my eyes OP has a starch addiction. OP must be a berserk fan. I think we all know his favorite character. Rape Horse? No silly, Casca. :( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LH-hXK__zyI He needed external hardware to capture all 30 polygons at once. Its been badly ripped off of the original source. I have seen this clip in hd. Can you direct me to the original clip please? http://coub.com/view/gh5as Couldn't find the one I saw but here is one with a clearer quality. Someone found the original Instagram submission. What's a potato? You know... Po-tay-toes. Boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew. https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2tdbig/tifu_by_enraging_the_parents_of_my_girlfriend_by/ It's an older reference, sir, but it checks out I believe Drughi23 is referring to the TIFU where a man pretended not to know what a potato was as a joke and it went terribly wrong It makes it look more cinematic But my phone can record 4k. I'm pretty sure it was just shot in p... That's what I was thinking >.< Why share in HD when you can share a grainy Nokia recording? Its the GIF quality too you dildo Wait, this is B1? I thought it was an N64 game. Jesus OP, get your shit together. Where did you get this real footage? OP's is just colourized and sharpened. I hit ctl-z twice. That doesn't sound right, but I don't know enough about video editing to dispute you. He's lying. Open the gif in a new window and hit alt+F4 to see. *new tab Wake up! Tabs are so 2016. is nothing sacred to hipsters?! In that case, if you're on google chrome, open that gif in a new tab then hit ctrl + w to see This trick only works if you delete your system32 folder first though. I tried to do that but I'm on a mac. How do I delete the System32 folder on a mac? (edit: I love that I got serious replies to this. Reddit so helpful) Don't forget to delete system32 Amateur video editor here, I can assure you that's how it works. He's just giving the clip the nice smokey smell that we all like Just make sure to turn on the Coors sign before you open the bar The internet. Where arguments fizzle out before anyone can be bothered to finish a s ...hit? Yeah, there ya go, m -ary, that wasn't so ha mburgers are go You... you're one of those funny guys my mother warned me about, aren't you? (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞ OP is a time traveler From the past MARTY! We've got to go back to stop the jet pack games, soon there will be no boots on ground combat! Marty! You need to [belch] suck my balls, Marty! That's the only way we [burp] can go back in time! Well then get your shit together. Get it all together and put it in a backpack, all your shit, so it's together. ...and if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere ya know? Take it to the shit store and sell it, or put it in a shit museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together... Get your shit together. This line makes me laugh ever time *mharti Alright, doc. I'm down. You're not Marty! Username doesn't check out Bore! But he is a nice, refreshing, belch er, was, a nice refreshing glass of water. edit: So I was using Swype when I originally made this comment. I don't know what I meant to type anymore, but it sure as hell wasn't bore Also known as a senior citizen. Yes? Holy fucking shit How the fuck did he get past the librarian to get the amulet? They have strict rules against using magic in the library Significantly better than actual footage I have seen from the era. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSwGT_-WrhE This footage is from Wings (1927). It depicts the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and used over 3500 extras. Edit: misspell This footage is from Wings (1990). It features stock plane footage and kept a bunch of d-list celebrities employed for seven years. This footage is from the wing (1963) It features a gremlin on the wing. This footage is from Gremlins 2 (1990). It features a gremlin with wings. 4:45 minute mark... Start there... Actually pretty funny dialog. I ended up watching the whole episode. Wings isn't too bad. Was that the movie made by Howard Hughes? (The guy that The Aviator was about) This is Wings with an ex-Beatle My lord this is crazy If this is real, it's the best WWI footage I've ever seen. There's a great documentary series using tons of coloured footage from WW1 that's amazingly well done. I believe it's called Apocalypse: World War One using tons of coloured footage from WW1 WW1 in color? Footage of an unnamed war hero bravely defending his battalion from tank fire. Circa 1915 the renault ft was made from 1917-1949. I've read about this moment in history books. Do I look like I know what a daguerreotype is? I just want a picture of a got dang leberwurst. Fake, they didn't have pixels back then. It was the past. If anything there were more pixels around because we hadn't yet started using them all up. That's why old games look pixely. But now we're starting to run out of this natural resource. In twenty years we won't be able to blur out anyone's face for their protection. They'll be forced to wear a bit of frosted glass over their head. Since when has WW1 era film looked like compressed black and white video? WW1 footage wouldn't have those box-shaped digital artifacts muh jpegs! OP's is just colourized and sharpened. I hit ctl-z twice. That doesn't sound right, but I don't know enough about video editing to dispute you. He's lying. Open the gif in a new window and hit alt+F4 to see. *new tab Wake up! Tabs are so 2016. is nothing sacred to hipsters?! In that case, if you're on google chrome, open that gif in a new tab then hit ctrl + w to see This trick only works if you delete your system32 folder first though. I tried to do that but I'm on a mac. How do I delete the System32 folder on a mac? (edit: I love that I got serious replies to this. Reddit so helpful) Don't forget to delete system32 Amateur video editor here, I can assure you that's how it works. He's just giving the clip the nice smokey smell that we all like Just make sure to turn on the Coors sign before you open the bar The internet. Where arguments fizzle out before anyone can be bothered to finish a s ...hit? Yeah, there ya go, m -ary, that wasn't so ha mburgers are go You... you're one of those funny guys my mother warned me about, aren't you? (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞ OP is a time traveler From the past MARTY! We've got to go back to stop the jet pack games, soon there will be no boots on ground combat! Marty! You need to [belch] suck my balls, Marty! That's the only way we [burp] can go back in time! Well then get your shit together. Get it all together and put it in a backpack, all your shit, so it's together. ...and if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere ya know? Take it to the shit store and sell it, or put it in a shit museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together... Get your shit together. This line makes me laugh ever time *mharti Alright, doc. I'm down. You're not Marty! Username doesn't check out Bore! But he is a nice, refreshing, belch er, was, a nice refreshing glass of water. edit: So I was using Swype when I originally made this comment. I don't know what I meant to type anymore, but it sure as hell wasn't bore Also known as a senior citizen. Yes? Holy fucking shit How the fuck did he get past the librarian to get the amulet? They have strict rules against using magic in the library That doesn't sound right, but I don't know enough about video editing to dispute you. He's lying. Open the gif in a new window and hit alt+F4 to see. *new tab Wake up! Tabs are so 2016. is nothing sacred to hipsters?! In that case, if you're on google chrome, open that gif in a new tab then hit ctrl + w to see This trick only works if you delete your system32 folder first though. I tried to do that but I'm on a mac. How do I delete the System32 folder on a mac? (edit: I love that I got serious replies to this. Reddit so helpful) Don't forget to delete system32 Amateur video editor here, I can assure you that's how it works. He's just giving the clip the nice smokey smell that we all like Just make sure to turn on the Coors sign before you open the bar The internet. Where arguments fizzle out before anyone can be bothered to finish a s ...hit? Yeah, there ya go, m -ary, that wasn't so ha mburgers are go You... you're one of those funny guys my mother warned me about, aren't you? (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞ He's lying. Open the gif in a new window and hit alt+F4 to see. *new tab Wake up! Tabs are so 2016. is nothing sacred to hipsters?! In that case, if you're on google chrome, open that gif in a new tab then hit ctrl + w to see This trick only works if you delete your system32 folder first though. I tried to do that but I'm on a mac. How do I delete the System32 folder on a mac? (edit: I love that I got serious replies to this. Reddit so helpful) Don't forget to delete system32 Amateur video editor here, I can assure you that's how it works. He's just giving the clip the nice smokey smell that we all like Just make sure to turn on the Coors sign before you open the bar The internet. Where arguments fizzle out before anyone can be bothered to finish a s ...hit? Yeah, there ya go, m -ary, that wasn't so ha mburgers are go *new tab Wake up! Tabs are so 2016. is nothing sacred to hipsters?! In that case, if you're on google chrome, open that gif in a new tab then hit ctrl + w to see This trick only works if you delete your system32 folder first though. I tried to do that but I'm on a mac. How do I delete the System32 folder on a mac? (edit: I love that I got serious replies to this. Reddit so helpful) Don't forget to delete system32 Wake up! Tabs are so 2016. is nothing sacred to hipsters?! In that case, if you're on google chrome, open that gif in a new tab then hit ctrl + w to see is nothing sacred to hipsters?! I tried to do that but I'm on a mac. How do I delete the System32 folder on a mac? (edit: I love that I got serious replies to this. Reddit so helpful) ...hit? Yeah, there ya go, m -ary, that wasn't so ha mburgers are go Yeah, there ya go, m -ary, that wasn't so ha mburgers are go -ary, that wasn't so ha mburgers are go mburgers are go (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞ From the past MARTY! We've got to go back to stop the jet pack games, soon there will be no boots on ground combat! Marty! You need to [belch] suck my balls, Marty! That's the only way we [burp] can go back in time! Well then get your shit together. Get it all together and put it in a backpack, all your shit, so it's together. ...and if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere ya know? Take it to the shit store and sell it, or put it in a shit museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together... Get your shit together. This line makes me laugh ever time *mharti Alright, doc. I'm down. You're not Marty! Username doesn't check out Bore! But he is a nice, refreshing, belch er, was, a nice refreshing glass of water. edit: So I was using Swype when I originally made this comment. I don't know what I meant to type anymore, but it sure as hell wasn't bore Also known as a senior citizen. Yes? Holy fucking shit How the fuck did he get past the librarian to get the amulet? They have strict rules against using magic in the library MARTY! We've got to go back to stop the jet pack games, soon there will be no boots on ground combat! Marty! You need to [belch] suck my balls, Marty! That's the only way we [burp] can go back in time! Well then get your shit together. Get it all together and put it in a backpack, all your shit, so it's together. ...and if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere ya know? Take it to the shit store and sell it, or put it in a shit museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together... Get your shit together. This line makes me laugh ever time *mharti Alright, doc. I'm down. You're not Marty! Username doesn't check out Bore! But he is a nice, refreshing, belch er, was, a nice refreshing glass of water. edit: So I was using Swype when I originally made this comment. I don't know what I meant to type anymore, but it sure as hell wasn't bore Also known as a senior citizen. Yes? Holy fucking shit Marty! You need to [belch] suck my balls, Marty! That's the only way we [burp] can go back in time! Well then get your shit together. Get it all together and put it in a backpack, all your shit, so it's together. ...and if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere ya know? Take it to the shit store and sell it, or put it in a shit museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together... Get your shit together. This line makes me laugh ever time *mharti Alright, doc. I'm down. You're not Marty! Username doesn't check out Bore! But he is a nice, refreshing, belch er, was, a nice refreshing glass of water. edit: So I was using Swype when I originally made this comment. I don't know what I meant to type anymore, but it sure as hell wasn't bore Well then get your shit together. Get it all together and put it in a backpack, all your shit, so it's together. ...and if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere ya know? Take it to the shit store and sell it, or put it in a shit museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together... Get your shit together. This line makes me laugh ever time *mharti This line makes me laugh ever time You're not Marty! Username doesn't check out Bore! But he is a nice, refreshing, belch er, was, a nice refreshing glass of water. edit: So I was using Swype when I originally made this comment. I don't know what I meant to type anymore, but it sure as hell wasn't bore Bore! But he is a nice, refreshing, belch er, was, a nice refreshing glass of water. edit: So I was using Swype when I originally made this comment. I don't know what I meant to type anymore, but it sure as hell wasn't bore Holy fucking shit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSwGT_-WrhE This footage is from Wings (1927). It depicts the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and used over 3500 extras. Edit: misspell This footage is from Wings (1990). It features stock plane footage and kept a bunch of d-list celebrities employed for seven years. This footage is from the wing (1963) It features a gremlin on the wing. This footage is from Gremlins 2 (1990). It features a gremlin with wings. 4:45 minute mark... Start there... Actually pretty funny dialog. I ended up watching the whole episode. Wings isn't too bad. Was that the movie made by Howard Hughes? (The guy that The Aviator was about) This is Wings with an ex-Beatle My lord this is crazy If this is real, it's the best WWI footage I've ever seen. There's a great documentary series using tons of coloured footage from WW1 that's amazingly well done. I believe it's called Apocalypse: World War One using tons of coloured footage from WW1 WW1 in color? This footage is from Wings (1927). It depicts the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and used over 3500 extras. Edit: misspell This footage is from Wings (1990). It features stock plane footage and kept a bunch of d-list celebrities employed for seven years. This footage is from the wing (1963) It features a gremlin on the wing. This footage is from Gremlins 2 (1990). It features a gremlin with wings. 4:45 minute mark... Start there... Actually pretty funny dialog. I ended up watching the whole episode. Wings isn't too bad. Was that the movie made by Howard Hughes? (The guy that The Aviator was about) This is Wings with an ex-Beatle My lord this is crazy If this is real, it's the best WWI footage I've ever seen. There's a great documentary series using tons of coloured footage from WW1 that's amazingly well done. I believe it's called Apocalypse: World War One using tons of coloured footage from WW1 WW1 in color? This footage is from Wings (1990). It features stock plane footage and kept a bunch of d-list celebrities employed for seven years. This footage is from the wing (1963) It features a gremlin on the wing. This footage is from Gremlins 2 (1990). It features a gremlin with wings. 4:45 minute mark... Start there... Actually pretty funny dialog. I ended up watching the whole episode. Wings isn't too bad. Was that the movie made by Howard Hughes? (The guy that The Aviator was about) This is Wings with an ex-Beatle This footage is from the wing (1963) It features a gremlin on the wing. This footage is from Gremlins 2 (1990). It features a gremlin with wings. 4:45 minute mark... Start there... Actually pretty funny dialog. I ended up watching the whole episode. Wings isn't too bad. This footage is from Gremlins 2 (1990). It features a gremlin with wings. I ended up watching the whole episode. Wings isn't too bad. There's a great documentary series using tons of coloured footage from WW1 that's amazingly well done. I believe it's called Apocalypse: World War One using tons of coloured footage from WW1 WW1 in color? using tons of coloured footage from WW1 WW1 in color? the renault ft was made from 1917-1949. It was the past. If anything there were more pixels around because we hadn't yet started using them all up. That's why old games look pixely. But now we're starting to run out of this natural resource. In twenty years we won't be able to blur out anyone's face for their protection. They'll be forced to wear a bit of frosted glass over their head. OP must be a berserk fan. I think we all know his favorite character. Rape Horse? No silly, Casca. :( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LH-hXK__zyI Rape Horse? No silly, Casca. :( No silly, Casca. :( :( Can you direct me to the original clip please? http://coub.com/view/gh5as Couldn't find the one I saw but here is one with a clearer quality. Someone found the original Instagram submission. http://coub.com/view/gh5as Couldn't find the one I saw but here is one with a clearer quality. Someone found the original Instagram submission. You know... Po-tay-toes. Boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew. https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2tdbig/tifu_by_enraging_the_parents_of_my_girlfriend_by/ It's an older reference, sir, but it checks out I believe Drughi23 is referring to the TIFU where a man pretended not to know what a potato was as a joke and it went terribly wrong I teleported bread. How Much? You told me to... I have done nothing but teleport bread for three days... I have done nothing but teleport bread for three days. This is a bucket Dear god... There's more... No... YES! https://youtu.be/GLlLQ3LmZWU?t=10m1s How Much? You told me to... I have done nothing but teleport bread for three days... I have done nothing but teleport bread for three days. This is a bucket Dear god... There's more... No... YES! https://youtu.be/GLlLQ3LmZWU?t=10m1s You told me to... I have done nothing but teleport bread for three days... I have done nothing but teleport bread for three days. Dear god... There's more... No... YES! There's more... No... YES! No... YES! Do I look, like I know, what a jay peg is? I just want a picture of a got/dang/hot/doewg Well that's a good fucking way to start a Saturday morning. Thank you. Relevant xkcd https://xkcd.com/1053/ i can never not watch this when it's posted. what a time to be alive! This the best video I've ever seen While high? Maybe This one is so much better than the usual JPEG one. The important question here is, "Why is the rum gone?" My ears..... send help Well that's a good fucking way to start a Saturday morning. Thank you. Relevant xkcd https://xkcd.com/1053/ i can never not watch this when it's posted. what a time to be alive! This the best video I've ever seen While high? Maybe This one is so much better than the usual JPEG one. The important question here is, "Why is the rum gone?" Relevant xkcd https://xkcd.com/1053/ While high? Maybe Maybe Cmon man you gotta link it! You have to buy 2 consoles and fuse them together Okay guys this one isn't Manning Don't listen to him Don't listen to him You must like warthunder I seriously hope they do a snowball fight on Christmas in BF1. Just some fun and games between the teams, to simulate the truce. Fuck snowballs. A nice game of association football. Fuck yes! And let us make presents out of brass and stuff. Just let the fighting end for a week or two. Brass snowballs. Happy now? Oh am I :D even better, lets shoot snowballs from cannons and move them! Oh wait thats a tank oh shit, did we just go full circle and start the war again? I guess so. Unless that gif repeats at all times "BF1 Christmas event! For one week, the game will be updated to become Rocket League." Battlefield 1 becomes FIFA 17 for a day You turn on BF1 and you are redirected to the FIFA 17 main menu. The twist is that France is not a playable team. Doughboys ain't gonna like that. "Of course I remember it, I was never offside, that was an appalling decision..." That's what they do in Verdun, a WWI based fps Yeah I've heard of Verdun. Didn't know they did that though. Here's hoping we get something cool as well. Well, there were snowball fights in BF4 for Christmas, so I think our chances are good. Thank you for your service. Joyeux Noel Yep it's an enemy tank. Fuck snowballs. A nice game of association football. Fuck yes! And let us make presents out of brass and stuff. Just let the fighting end for a week or two. Brass snowballs. Happy now? Oh am I :D even better, lets shoot snowballs from cannons and move them! Oh wait thats a tank oh shit, did we just go full circle and start the war again? I guess so. Unless that gif repeats at all times "BF1 Christmas event! For one week, the game will be updated to become Rocket League." Battlefield 1 becomes FIFA 17 for a day You turn on BF1 and you are redirected to the FIFA 17 main menu. The twist is that France is not a playable team. Doughboys ain't gonna like that. "Of course I remember it, I was never offside, that was an appalling decision..." That's what they do in Verdun, a WWI based fps Yeah I've heard of Verdun. Didn't know they did that though. Here's hoping we get something cool as well. Well, there were snowball fights in BF4 for Christmas, so I think our chances are good. Fuck yes! And let us make presents out of brass and stuff. Just let the fighting end for a week or two. Brass snowballs. Happy now? Oh am I :D even better, lets shoot snowballs from cannons and move them! Oh wait thats a tank oh shit, did we just go full circle and start the war again? I guess so. Unless that gif repeats at all times "BF1 Christmas event! For one week, the game will be updated to become Rocket League." Battlefield 1 becomes FIFA 17 for a day You turn on BF1 and you are redirected to the FIFA 17 main menu. The twist is that France is not a playable team. Doughboys ain't gonna like that. "Of course I remember it, I was never offside, that was an appalling decision..." Brass snowballs. Happy now? Oh am I :D even better, lets shoot snowballs from cannons and move them! Oh wait thats a tank oh shit, did we just go full circle and start the war again? I guess so. Unless that gif repeats at all times Oh am I :D even better, lets shoot snowballs from cannons and move them! Oh wait thats a tank oh shit, did we just go full circle and start the war again? I guess so. Unless that gif repeats at all times even better, lets shoot snowballs from cannons and move them! Oh wait thats a tank oh shit, did we just go full circle and start the war again? I guess so. Unless that gif repeats at all times oh shit, did we just go full circle and start the war again? I guess so. Unless that gif repeats at all times I guess so. Unless that gif repeats at all times Yeah I've heard of Verdun. Didn't know they did that though. Here's hoping we get something cool as well. post em. This is actually one of the oldest gifs from my meme folder, 2006 That was 2006? Fuck, Zidane jokes are ten years old... this is one of my favorites from years ago Here's an actual gif from 2004 I just got played twice in a row I should have read this and known, known! http://i.imgur.com/o536nVm.gifv God damnit I need to reevaluate my life. I thought "maybe this will be different, maybe it'll actually be a gif from '04". Nope. I got ruined again Holy shit, twice in one thread and neither times I saw it coming. This is actually one of the oldest gifs from my meme folder, 2006 That was 2006? Fuck, Zidane jokes are ten years old... this is one of my favorites from years ago Here's an actual gif from 2004 I just got played twice in a row I should have read this and known, known! http://i.imgur.com/o536nVm.gifv God damnit I need to reevaluate my life. I thought "maybe this will be different, maybe it'll actually be a gif from '04". Nope. I got ruined again Holy shit, twice in one thread and neither times I saw it coming. That was 2006? Fuck, Zidane jokes are ten years old... Here's an actual gif from 2004 I just got played twice in a row I should have read this and known, known! http://i.imgur.com/o536nVm.gifv God damnit I need to reevaluate my life. I thought "maybe this will be different, maybe it'll actually be a gif from '04". Nope. I got ruined again Holy shit, twice in one thread and neither times I saw it coming. I just got played twice in a row I should have read this and known, known! http://i.imgur.com/o536nVm.gifv God damnit I need to reevaluate my life. I thought "maybe this will be different, maybe it'll actually be a gif from '04". Nope. I got ruined again I should have read this and known, known! http://i.imgur.com/o536nVm.gifv op (/u/Cyrellis) pretty much everyone on this thread has asked you this question so u need to go ahead and come back to your thread and answer it thx in adv. Possible answer: their internet connection is shit and thus would make a full-quality or even decent-quality video take far too long to reasonably upload, so they compressed the shit out of it to remedy that issue. Believe me, it's possible (my internet is garbage--0.8 Mbps up if I'm lucky and have zero download utilization). What do you pay for your service, if I may ask? Too fucking much for 1.5 Mbps down. Was paying around $35/month, but that pricing has since ended and it seems it's now up to $44/month. Unfortunately the wiring in my damned apartment is too garbage to do much better, and this is the cheapest pricing available here. I pay for 50mbps down, but actually get around 34. I pay $45 a month lol I'd happily trade up for that! OP stole the video. Original vid is found above^ Possible answer: their internet connection is shit and thus would make a full-quality or even decent-quality video take far too long to reasonably upload, so they compressed the shit out of it to remedy that issue. Believe me, it's possible (my internet is garbage--0.8 Mbps up if I'm lucky and have zero download utilization). What do you pay for your service, if I may ask? Too fucking much for 1.5 Mbps down. Was paying around $35/month, but that pricing has since ended and it seems it's now up to $44/month. Unfortunately the wiring in my damned apartment is too garbage to do much better, and this is the cheapest pricing available here. I pay for 50mbps down, but actually get around 34. I pay $45 a month lol I'd happily trade up for that! OP stole the video. Original vid is found above^ What do you pay for your service, if I may ask? Too fucking much for 1.5 Mbps down. Was paying around $35/month, but that pricing has since ended and it seems it's now up to $44/month. Unfortunately the wiring in my damned apartment is too garbage to do much better, and this is the cheapest pricing available here. I pay for 50mbps down, but actually get around 34. I pay $45 a month lol I'd happily trade up for that! Too fucking much for 1.5 Mbps down. Was paying around $35/month, but that pricing has since ended and it seems it's now up to $44/month. Unfortunately the wiring in my damned apartment is too garbage to do much better, and this is the cheapest pricing available here. I pay for 50mbps down, but actually get around 34. I pay $45 a month lol I'd happily trade up for that! I pay for 50mbps down, but actually get around 34. I pay $45 a month lol I'd happily trade up for that! I'd happily trade up for that! What is this, TF2? I concur. W H A T A R E Y O U D O I N G T H R O W I T O N H I M N O T M E T H R O W I T A T H I M N O T M E Don't let your kids watch it! T H R O W I T O N H I M N O T M E T H R O W I T A T H I M N O T M E Good old Brak. Top kek! Must have been so fun to make that show. most likely a fraction of that. 1/4p maybe? French actually, the tank in the gif is a Renault FT, developed by the French and widely used by many of the allied powers during ww1, the insignia on the tank is used by the French for armoured vechicles. It increases the tank's velocity by small increments, overtime though this adds up. Check the top and the roundel. thats hard to tell on that quality. if you are on diffrent teams, then how the fuck didnt he just blast you? Battlefield is a magical game with magical players. I would have blasted you. I'm not magical. Remember that opening cinematic where the two guys don't shoot eachother? It's kind of like that. I suck so bad I'll grab any chance to improve my stats In Overwatch apparently there is an unwritten rule that if someone from the other team comes over and emotes, you don't kill them. I always kill them. So you're the son of a bitch that kills me when I'm just trying to dab with genji. It comes from TF2. Please don't kill them. If you wanna go full serious, just say hello and then walk away ignoring them. Some people just want to have some different fun once in a while. You NEVER and I mean NEVER kill the spy crab they're a rare and endangered species!! Rules are boring. Games are best when you break the rules. In skirmish at the very least. never kill a man in skirmish Oh, so you're that asshole. Op is not the player I can't tell anything, the quality is to low thats hard to tell on that quality. if you are on diffrent teams, then how the fuck didnt he just blast you? Battlefield is a magical game with magical players. I would have blasted you. I'm not magical. Remember that opening cinematic where the two guys don't shoot eachother? It's kind of like that. I suck so bad I'll grab any chance to improve my stats In Overwatch apparently there is an unwritten rule that if someone from the other team comes over and emotes, you don't kill them. I always kill them. So you're the son of a bitch that kills me when I'm just trying to dab with genji. It comes from TF2. Please don't kill them. If you wanna go full serious, just say hello and then walk away ignoring them. Some people just want to have some different fun once in a while. You NEVER and I mean NEVER kill the spy crab they're a rare and endangered species!! Rules are boring. Games are best when you break the rules. In skirmish at the very least. never kill a man in skirmish Oh, so you're that asshole. Op is not the player I can't tell anything, the quality is to low Battlefield is a magical game with magical players. I would have blasted you. I'm not magical. Remember that opening cinematic where the two guys don't shoot eachother? It's kind of like that. I suck so bad I'll grab any chance to improve my stats In Overwatch apparently there is an unwritten rule that if someone from the other team comes over and emotes, you don't kill them. I always kill them. So you're the son of a bitch that kills me when I'm just trying to dab with genji. It comes from TF2. Please don't kill them. If you wanna go full serious, just say hello and then walk away ignoring them. Some people just want to have some different fun once in a while. You NEVER and I mean NEVER kill the spy crab they're a rare and endangered species!! Rules are boring. Games are best when you break the rules. In skirmish at the very least. never kill a man in skirmish Oh, so you're that asshole. Op is not the player I would have blasted you. I'm not magical. Remember that opening cinematic where the two guys don't shoot eachother? It's kind of like that. I suck so bad I'll grab any chance to improve my stats In Overwatch apparently there is an unwritten rule that if someone from the other team comes over and emotes, you don't kill them. I always kill them. So you're the son of a bitch that kills me when I'm just trying to dab with genji. It comes from TF2. Please don't kill them. If you wanna go full serious, just say hello and then walk away ignoring them. Some people just want to have some different fun once in a while. You NEVER and I mean NEVER kill the spy crab they're a rare and endangered species!! Rules are boring. Games are best when you break the rules. In skirmish at the very least. never kill a man in skirmish Oh, so you're that asshole. Remember that opening cinematic where the two guys don't shoot eachother? It's kind of like that. I suck so bad I'll grab any chance to improve my stats In Overwatch apparently there is an unwritten rule that if someone from the other team comes over and emotes, you don't kill them. I always kill them. So you're the son of a bitch that kills me when I'm just trying to dab with genji. It comes from TF2. Please don't kill them. If you wanna go full serious, just say hello and then walk away ignoring them. Some people just want to have some different fun once in a while. You NEVER and I mean NEVER kill the spy crab they're a rare and endangered species!! Rules are boring. Games are best when you break the rules. In skirmish at the very least. never kill a man in skirmish Oh, so you're that asshole. So you're the son of a bitch that kills me when I'm just trying to dab with genji. It comes from TF2. Please don't kill them. If you wanna go full serious, just say hello and then walk away ignoring them. Some people just want to have some different fun once in a while. You NEVER and I mean NEVER kill the spy crab they're a rare and endangered species!! Rules are boring. Games are best when you break the rules. In skirmish at the very least. never kill a man in skirmish Oh, so you're that asshole. You NEVER and I mean NEVER kill the spy crab they're a rare and endangered species!! Rules are boring. Games are best when you break the rules. never kill a man in skirmish Crash Bandicoot Racing Battlefield 1 Dark souls 3 It's not WW1 had better quality then that potato It would actually be really dope if a game used clay graphics, kinda like how cuphead uses it's old school animations. Edit: thanks for all the recommendations guys :) The Neverhood aka one of the greatest puzzle adventure comedies of all time. I remember getting stuck on that game and never being able to finish it. I was too young to know I could just look up the damn answer. Looking that up back in 97 wasn't that easy. I got stuck as well and ended up calling people who had finished it to fish for answers. "Calling" people? I don't understand... You would use the landline in your parents' house to call other landlines where your friends' parents would pick up. You would then proceed to ask if your friend could come to the phone so you could fish for answers. Alternatively you'd take the bus into town, pick up some games magazine and pray to Jesus that it contained a walkthrough or some cheat codes. I got kicked out of the local Blockbuster because I would go in and copy cheat codes from the code books. There I was, flying down on my stomach, pencil in hand, transcribing the entire book by hand like a Franciscan monk. I'm imagining a young person laying down on a skateboard "flying" around the blockbuster while copying down cheat codes. That's exactly how the 90's were. Everyone just belly flying on skateboards. Only 90's kids remeber When they weren't slamming pogs on their friends punk asses you mean... Blockbuster had cheat codes? I remember the game consoles, but actual cheat books seem out of place. Yeah, have you never seen a comprehensive cheat book? They used to be everywhere even up to the early 2000's. They had nearly every mainstream game in them separated out by console with all the cheat codes. Still have an old game Genie book for the NES. Pages and pages of arcane incantations (aka strings of hex) to make everything easier. Are you sure you weren't kicked out for flying inside the store? Other customers kinda don't appreciate kids whizzing around the place. Every christmas on my list was for a year subscription to NINTENDO POWER for that reason! The fuck is a landline? Basically two cans connected by a piece of string. Connected by a series of tubes. Tangled up tubes. It puts the lotion on its skin.... A cellphone without a battery, so it has to be plugged in 24/7. Finally! I don't have to lug this cell phone around. Next thing you're gonna tell me is that there is some kind of booth with the landline inside in public areas. Oh, Hermes... Sounds awful Should we tell him about how rotary phones worked? it gets worse. you couldn't plug it in the mains socket, it had special wires with special electricity in them. Yep, in the South if your friend was a Jr. You'd ask for 'Little <insert name here>" Is John there? Big or Little? Little. Little john? Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah! WHHHHAAAT? I'm so glad that the elder millennials showed up to this thread to comment. The struggle was real. I'm old enough to remember what the world was like before being able to just Google an answer. But young enough to have been shown how to use the new technologies as they developed. I was about to rant like this so hard. Doesn't it feel like we were shown how hard life was and then they just internet-ed our life into the new century? -Born 1990 kid I'm glad I got through high school without social media being a thing. I can only imagine the idiotic "deep" shit my 15 year old self would have written. I hope my high school Myspace blogs are buried so deep in the net that they can never be found again. I have so much idiotic shit to atone for that randomly crops up on my time hop. Count your blessings. Yeah, I get why your saying. I think us older millennials appreciate the technology more because we remember life without it. Some of these younger kids now just take it for granted. "Meh, kids these days! They take everything for granted!" -us Damn son, I guess we old as fuck now. Dude, yes. I couldn't agree more. I'll never forget getting on AOL for the first time lol (1993) this is the part of my childhood i really do not miss. I remember when GTA Vice City came out. I made a promise to myself never to use a cheat code ever again. After I beat it, I knew I could do anything. Then GTA: SA came out and that goddamn dirtbike could never keep up with that train no matter what i did. I don't play video games anymore, but I did beat 4 and 5 on my own just to maintain some sort of balance inside my head that I don't need no Gamepro magazine to help me through life. Yeah. I remember running out to my dad as he came home from work yelling and bragging that I had beaten Quake 1 before him. I had used /impulse9 (all weapons) and /noclip (run through walls). He was not impressed. You'd have to wait until someone was off the dialup internet first. You could even call a tip hotline. The number was usually printed on the manual of the game somewhere. For under $1.00/minute, you could call the hotline and they would help you solve the more difficult puzzles. Being a gamer in the 90's was hard work. I miss it, though. Before you could Google (or rather, AskJeeves or Yahoo or Lycos) how to beat a game, you had to figure it out. And it was super-satisfying to know you'd figured it out yourself. Many games were hard too, you get get stuck for hours or days. It's a shame now that any bit you can't beat in a game is solved by a quick search. Now everything has a waypoint system as well, making finding important locations trivial. I remember a quest back in vanilla WoW that gave info on landmarks you had to follow to find a NPC somewhere in the woods. Now it just puts a marker on the map. You'd lift the receiver off the hook, give the magneto generator a few cranks, then, speaking clearly into the transmitter, politely introduce yourself to Marjorie the operator and ask to be connected to Geoffrey person-to-person. It's not hard. Automated switching happened because the guy who invented it ran a funeral parlor and the operator kept connecting people to his competitor because operator was competetor's relative. That's great ingenuity. A lot of people would just sue. Not invent. Oh, man... This brings back memories of adventure games back in the 1980's. Zork, Ultima, that sort of thing. If you got stuck, you had to rely on hint books that game developers published. Two stories here: (1) InvisiClues - a series of hint books that used invisible ink to hide the answers. You used a special marker to reveal them, but only for questions that you really needed answered. The authors would load up the books with red-herring questions and nonsensical answers to deter cheating. Lots of fun. (2) A gaming hint book compendium - basically, people bundled up hints for solving lots of games, and sold them together. My family had a computer and some games, but not much disposable income - not enough to blow on those kinds of books. So whenever I ran into an unsolvable puzzle, I'd wait for the next trip to the mall, then visit the bookstore and get the hint I needed from the hint book on the shelf. My old man played that game and as I was only around five or six I'd sit in a dining room chair at his side and watch him navigate through it, solving the puzzles like a champ and laughing at the hilarious plot/cinematics. The point of me telling you this is b/c I can remember he was stuck on a puzzle for days, maybe weeks. Just plain stumped. Had to arrange colored lights in a certain way to solve the thing but there was no clear indication of the order they should go in and the combinations were too many to solve through process of elimination. Written above the puzzle was this: B.O.B.B.Y. So I says, "Blue Orange Blue Blue Yellow" and the old man looks at me, smiling a smile that says no son, it can't be that easy... It was the combination of course and the puzzle was solved and we could finally move on. Now I'm 26 and we still every once and a while come back to that game and that moment--still laugh and say, "BOBBY -- BLue Orange Blue Blue Yellow! Klog go all stinky bad! OMFG I you just brought back so many memories. I loved this game as a kid and couldn't remember what it was called! member Clayfighter? Oh yeah I member. Loved that game. The Snowman is the character that sticks out in my memory. Here's something for the nostalgia trip. Neverhood's Soundtrack Thank so much for this bro, I just got crazy chills listening to that. The crazy thing is I remember each track and know where a few of them play specifically in the map haha. Fuck they need to rerelease The Neverhood. I just found a spiritual successor to The Neverhood, it's called Armikrog and it's on Steam and this console gen, too It's terrible and buggy, huge disappointment. That's too bad, because I was hoping for better, also I really like Rob Paulson. Super nice guy. I was too. Read the steam reviews for the game, they are pretty accurate. http://store.steampowered.com/app/334120/ Holy crap thanks for this! This game horrified me as a child. I don't know where I'd be without Neverhood and Myst / Riven. Those games teach more thinking skills to kids than all the years of school put together. Interestingly enough the models in the original Dooms were made out of clay. Here's a photo of Adrian Carmack sculpting one, which would then be photographed, rescaled, recoloured and then animated for the game. Here's a real life spider mastermind. That is pretty interesting If you want to know more: John Carmack created a program called "Fuzzy Pumper Pallete Shop" which the artists used to manipulate video of the models. From the DoomWik: "This program was initially used by Adrian Carmack to capture the eight needed rotation frames of his hand-sculpted clay models. The model would be placed inside a brightly lit white box on a rotating modeling stand and then captured through video into the program. The resulting images were "distorted,"[1] and in substantial need of touch-ups. When the clay modeling process proved too slow to be practical, the program still proved itself useful for capturing images of the metal-and-latex miniatures created by Gregor Punchatz. Other items captured included shots of Kevin Cloud wielding various plastic toy guns which became the basis of Doom's weapons, Tom Hall's girlfriend's Eager Beaver chainsaw, a pair of snake skin boots, and a bloody scab on Kevin's knee - the latter two became parts of various wall textures." If you are interested in the making of Doom and the history of id software I can't recommend the book Masters of Doom enough. I never realized those spider masterminds had hands. It must suck to have an itch I did not know this, wow! That mane tho Thanks for sharing this, pretty cool! This is often done in animation, but more as a reference model than an actual product that gets photographed. Kirby and the rainbow curse! So, Kiby's made of clay, Yoshi's made of yarn, Mario's made of paper... has someone at Nintendo accidentally locked themselves in an arts and crafts store and this is their way of asking for help? We need a tin toy zelda game Actually, Yoshi has a game where he is made of wool (Yoshi's Wooly World), and Kirby had the game where he was yarn (Kirby's Epic Yarn). Platypus ClayFighter When I first got my N64 the only two games I had for so long were Mario 64 and Clayfighter. I put so many hours into Clay Fighter do you still have the 64 version? worth a penny now I believe Just checked it on Amazon. Pretty cheap if you don't care about the box or the special edition. Special edition is $3000 with the box. I'm not sure if I should pick up the SNES or the 64 version though. The sculptors cut was exclusive to blockbuster. I have the Sculptor's Cut version. Don't have the box, unfortunately. I had no idea what it was worth until recently! Clay fighter was the fucking tits Let's get ready to cruuumble! God I miss that game First thing I thought of....Bad Mr. Frosty 4 lyfe Git em kitty! Clayfighter was awesome! Hell yes. I remember my uncle getting me that for my birthday and how pissed my mother was. Good times. Wow! Thanks for Platypus I totally forgot about this game and I played it alot long time ago! Never had clayfighters but I had biofreaks. I remember it being awesome. It's not:( Skull monkeys The Swapper uses clay and it's pretty amazing! Whaaaaaat, I had no idea that was the case! I haven't finished the game but came atleast halfway before real life interrupted me! The Neverhood, great claymation game. There are! Clay Fighter (1, 2, 63 1/3), Clay Jam... and I can't remember the rest. Lol There was an iOS game from way back when that used clay graphics, it was about a ball rolling down a hill if I remember correctly. Clay Jam! It was actually pretty good for a mobile game It's incredible, and you can still download it today, at least on Android. BombSquad! Came here to say this! For those who don't know, it's really cool because people can join the game with a smartphone as their controller. I believe you can even play 2 players using just one keyboard, or you can also add players using their phone as a controller (if they get the app which is pretty small I think). So it's kind of a cool idea; you can use a laptop and get a sweet party game going wherever. I've used it a couple times with my team on road trips. A lot of claymation games I know of have already been mentioned, but I'd also recommend the crazy, out-of-this-world RPG Hylics. That game is one of the trippiest I've ever seen. Gang beasts is kind of clay-like. And hilarious. The things I'd do for a new ClayFighter... Bringing back memories of playing Claymations on the SNES! You mean Claymates? I'd play it. Take my money! I'd definitely contribute to a crowdsourcing campaign. As long as I can just hit a button to donate and that's the end of it. Even if a full game doesn't get made it would be worth it as long as he releases tonnes of new animations. I've been burned a few times getting too personally involved in online creative investments and find the best way is to just donate a hundred bucks and forget about it for a year and hope you're pleasantly surprised. Otherwise you find yourself refreshing updates 10 times a day and getting way too stressed out and it just takes over your life. Its a bit like when you decide to buy bitcoins locally instead of through an exchange. You message a few people trying to get the best rate and you've finally got 3 who offer you a 5 percent markup. One guy offers a case of homemade port wine as part of the deal and that seals it. You meet of at his gorgeous country estate, give him your address 17q4HGtQSjuthrqWMsPzshyoNKkpmKRyrK and it clears in 10 minutes and you toast each other with a shot of port. The next thing you know you awake in a beautifully furnished but unfamiliar room. You get up and look for the door but find their isn't one. Just then your twin sister groggily comes too and as you lock eyes you hear a voice come over the intercom telling you not to worry. He's going to let you leave but you must pass a simple test, from a standing position you must ejaculate with enough force to touch the ceiling. You nervously laugh and tell him this is funny and all but just let us leave. Suddenly a computerized female voice intones "26" and you hear a moaning of gears and in an instant the walls contract 3 inches on both sides. Hahaha this isn't funny....silence. 3 hours later the voice intones "25" and the room contracts again. Jesus christ, realizing this lunatic is for real you tell your sister to hide her head under her pillow as you open up your laptop and search for "maria ozawa english interview" on youtube. You watch her done up in a classy dress talking about how shes having so much fun doing tv in indonesia and loves her fans, plus some random broll of her on set in between takes laughing with the camera man, you get a crush on her and almost forget the extreme porn she did before going to asiamoviepass and watching the high def preview of her "dream girlfriends" 30 guy bukkake scene and start furiously jacking off as if your life literally depended on it. You time your ejaculation to the exact height of arousal and see your sister hopefully poke a hopeful eye out of her pillow to spy on your ejaculations trajectory. At first there's hope but it stalls 2 feet short before glumly raining down on the marble floor. Over the next 3 days you try every combination of pornography and dark erotic fantasy you can conjure, you even try jumping off the bed as you ejaculate before a voice screams NO!!!! And the female voice intones 17 11 as the room contracts almost 2 feet. Food has been dropped through a hole in the ceiling this time and has enabled you to recover enough to continue ejaculating but by now your room has shrunken from a spacious hotel room to a room young Harry Potter would have found cramped. as the voice now intones "3" Your sister has long since stopped hiding her head and has instead been watching your beat off with intense hope, though you tried to hide it, you've become involuntarily aroused by her attention and even came within 7 inches of the ceiling once. But 7 inches seems like 7 miles and you've now switched from porn to tentacle hentai in a last ditch effort. You're staring intently at the protaganist being penetraded every possible way in the second episode of Angel Blade before a hand reaches out and shuts the laptop screen as another hand grabs your penis. You gasp and nearly ejaculate right there as tears fill your eyes and you shake your head "sis no, no!" It's ok, I'm your sister. I'm your sister, I AM YOUR SISTER. Tears fill her eyes too as she kneels and places your balls in her mouth and she removes her shirt and places your hand on her breast as her eyes beckon towards the ceiling. Your horror gives way to pure pleasure and you feel an intense wave relief "we're going to live".... When you try to tell people to be wary about crowdfunding and then break out into a bitcoin-buying-gone-wrong-now-it's-about-incest story. I laughed, I cried, I came. BITCOIN GONE WRONG. GONE SEXUAL. u/hobdobbly has the best comment history That man is on a mission for gold I skipped to the last paragraph when I saw how long this was. Definitely missed something important. You sure did. I had to read it twice through and am still not sure where it went so wrong What? My boner is confused beat it bro Hey you, quit yappin' and keep fappin'! Cum on the ceiling too /r/wincest I hate when that happens Man, don't you hate when you're tryna get some bitcoins and then your sister starts jerkin your gerkin? Dude what the fuck Yeah, it's a bit like that I agree This...things like this is why reddit is amazing I don't know about you, but I just hit the ceiling. I'm pretty sure this qualifies for /r/bestof but I'm not certain.... How it went from donations to incest is beyond me What did i just read. Either a copy-pasta, or the birth of a copy-pasta. I'd definitely contribute to a crowdsourcing campaign. As long as I can just hit a button to donate and that's the end of it. Even if a full game doesn't get made it would be worth it as long as he releases tonnes of new animations. I've been burned a few times getting too personally involved in online creative investments and find the best way is to just donate a hundred bucks and forget about it for a year and hope you're pleasantly surprised. Otherwise you find yourself refreshing updates 10 times a day and getting way too stressed out and it just takes over your life. Everyone is talking about the weirdness of everything after this bit, but this is absolutely excellent advice for backing Kickstarters. If you find a KS that looks good and think the devs can deliver (be sure to research first!), donate and then just forget about it. You'll either be pleasantly surprised when it finishes or disappointed when it doesn't, but at least you won't be stressed. Yeah, that's..... That's good advice. It's the rest of it that's the worrying part. r/jesuschristreddit Hey man, that's what its like being at the frontline of economic development in an ever more globalized society This is the greatest thing I'll read today. How about all week? I also just read the Anne Frank Prego Porn parody...that was better...but GOD DAMN reddit internet in general, what is wrong with you? Return of Bozarking! Dude what the fuck? That was awesome I looked the about the first two sentences and then skipped to the bottom. I am never going to read the rest so i shall forever be confused. And wonder how it got there. Come on... did you write this yourself or is this just some pasta ?? If not pasta, someone fucking give him his gold already I aspire to write biblical prophecies such as this. My username is relevant! This was fucking amazing. However, I'm not sure what's more frightening.. The fact that this is your imagination or the fact that you actually took the time to write it out. Either way, I am in awe. ok. what just happened? The fuck? Wow. Saved. To people in this thread, this guy's post history is a goldmine/shitshow, depending on your sense of humor. Problem is, it would take hours and hundred of dollars to render each frame. Sounds like a job for Amazon's Mechanical Turk. [deleted] Hah, of course it's by Lee Hardcastle. The guy is awesome. Yeah, I guessed as much as soon as I saw it. If it's claymation and it's disgustingly violent, it's gotta be Lee Hardcastle. I have no idea how that guy cranks this stuff out, either. He's a beast. Have you seen his video for NIGHTMARE? His stuff can get a bit cartoonish at times (intentionally so, I guess), but this one's just excellent. Whoah. That was something else. Check out this one. Always been my favorite. Although all the videos he's done is worth checking out. https://youtu.be/y_z3EBalwI4 mew mew... MEW MEW! Thank you Lee Hardcastle is great. He's done some hilarious and gruesome claymations over the years. All amazing. Just a couple of my favourites The Raid The Thing He originally made "Pingu's The Thing" but the copyright holders for Pingu made him take it down. He also made Frozen The Thing which has been around reddit before. He does good work. But godddamn, if that Simpsons one didn't leave me sick to my stomach. Simpsons couch gag Warning: you think it sounds silly and everyone are just overreacting for the karma. But they're not. Im not going to lie. When i saw that, i felt some of my humanity leave. Am I just dead inside, or was that not as bad as everyone seems to think it is Did nothing for me. Couldn't even get hard. 0/10. Well why the hell did I watch that?! My damned curiosity got the better of me and I regret it. That was awful! I'm assuming it's NSFW It's soft emotional music played over legitimately disturbing gore. So, yes. A simpsons snuff film. Ah fuck. I can't believe you've done this. Classic Chief Wiggum! There is no unseeing that I knew this reminded me of that for a reason. Not much horror stuff really rattles me, but that fucked me up for the night. I've never seen The Thing (saw the prequel though) but I vividly remember the first time watching Claycat's version and being deeply disturbed by the scene where three of them are tied up and one is revealed to be the thing. Holy shit, that would be insane to be tied up to someone and find out that they're a monster! The movie is really good, and horrifying. The mutation effects are extremely well done, along with great scene writing like the one you described. Do yourself a favor and give it a watch sometime, if you can stomach the psychological gore horror. You should see The Thing. It is fantastic; way better than the prequel Yeah I heard, and I'm always down to watch whatever Kurt Russell is starring in. I guess I'll just wait until it's on Netflix again. You should watch the original then. That's the best scene. Oh yea! He's the guy who made one of my favourite music videos https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0WLFpIQ0o0 edit: this one started playing while I was posting. It's actually fucking awesome: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71xpQUFgk_k Not to mention this wicked music video for Gunship - Tech Noir. Now I have to go watch The Raid again. I recommend that movie to everyone and they look at me like I'm retarded or soemthing. They have no taste I guess. Claymation takes some serious time and dedication. Kudos to doing this, it's great Holy seizure juice batman! Under Doom Guy's mask reveals....Wallace. Rip and tear, Gromit! Epilepsy warning!! I knead this game Doughn't tempt me, OP Reminds me of Klay World Now that's a name I haven't heard in years HEY DAVEEEE YOU GONNA EAT THAT SALAD? Source for the gif: https://youtu.be/f8aU4MYDsOQ GEDDUM LITTLE BUDDY Why, Why can I hear the music!? I don't know what it is, but claymations always creeped me out. All the creatures of hell look so adorable in clay form, I kinda feel bad for them This is the tragedy of war. Is this lee hard castle's work? I love the way the shotgun bends when he reloads it. I just want to know why he wasted a chainsaw charge on a possessed scientist A friend of mine does some pretty awesome/brutal claymation. If you like this than check out Mr. Oz' stuff I found the full version. It's by Lee Hardcastle. The Neverhood aka one of the greatest puzzle adventure comedies of all time. I remember getting stuck on that game and never being able to finish it. I was too young to know I could just look up the damn answer. Looking that up back in 97 wasn't that easy. I got stuck as well and ended up calling people who had finished it to fish for answers. "Calling" people? I don't understand... You would use the landline in your parents' house to call other landlines where your friends' parents would pick up. You would then proceed to ask if your friend could come to the phone so you could fish for answers. Alternatively you'd take the bus into town, pick up some games magazine and pray to Jesus that it contained a walkthrough or some cheat codes. I got kicked out of the local Blockbuster because I would go in and copy cheat codes from the code books. There I was, flying down on my stomach, pencil in hand, transcribing the entire book by hand like a Franciscan monk. I'm imagining a young person laying down on a skateboard "flying" around the blockbuster while copying down cheat codes. That's exactly how the 90's were. Everyone just belly flying on skateboards. Only 90's kids remeber When they weren't slamming pogs on their friends punk asses you mean... Blockbuster had cheat codes? I remember the game consoles, but actual cheat books seem out of place. Yeah, have you never seen a comprehensive cheat book? They used to be everywhere even up to the early 2000's. They had nearly every mainstream game in them separated out by console with all the cheat codes. Still have an old game Genie book for the NES. Pages and pages of arcane incantations (aka strings of hex) to make everything easier. Are you sure you weren't kicked out for flying inside the store? Other customers kinda don't appreciate kids whizzing around the place. Every christmas on my list was for a year subscription to NINTENDO POWER for that reason! The fuck is a landline? Basically two cans connected by a piece of string. Connected by a series of tubes. Tangled up tubes. It puts the lotion on its skin.... A cellphone without a battery, so it has to be plugged in 24/7. Finally! I don't have to lug this cell phone around. Next thing you're gonna tell me is that there is some kind of booth with the landline inside in public areas. Oh, Hermes... Sounds awful Should we tell him about how rotary phones worked? it gets worse. you couldn't plug it in the mains socket, it had special wires with special electricity in them. Yep, in the South if your friend was a Jr. You'd ask for 'Little <insert name here>" Is John there? Big or Little? Little. Little john? Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah! WHHHHAAAT? I'm so glad that the elder millennials showed up to this thread to comment. The struggle was real. I'm old enough to remember what the world was like before being able to just Google an answer. But young enough to have been shown how to use the new technologies as they developed. I was about to rant like this so hard. Doesn't it feel like we were shown how hard life was and then they just internet-ed our life into the new century? -Born 1990 kid I'm glad I got through high school without social media being a thing. I can only imagine the idiotic "deep" shit my 15 year old self would have written. I hope my high school Myspace blogs are buried so deep in the net that they can never be found again. I have so much idiotic shit to atone for that randomly crops up on my time hop. Count your blessings. Yeah, I get why your saying. I think us older millennials appreciate the technology more because we remember life without it. Some of these younger kids now just take it for granted. "Meh, kids these days! They take everything for granted!" -us Damn son, I guess we old as fuck now. Dude, yes. I couldn't agree more. I'll never forget getting on AOL for the first time lol (1993) this is the part of my childhood i really do not miss. I remember when GTA Vice City came out. I made a promise to myself never to use a cheat code ever again. After I beat it, I knew I could do anything. Then GTA: SA came out and that goddamn dirtbike could never keep up with that train no matter what i did. I don't play video games anymore, but I did beat 4 and 5 on my own just to maintain some sort of balance inside my head that I don't need no Gamepro magazine to help me through life. Yeah. I remember running out to my dad as he came home from work yelling and bragging that I had beaten Quake 1 before him. I had used /impulse9 (all weapons) and /noclip (run through walls). He was not impressed. You'd have to wait until someone was off the dialup internet first. You could even call a tip hotline. The number was usually printed on the manual of the game somewhere. For under $1.00/minute, you could call the hotline and they would help you solve the more difficult puzzles. Being a gamer in the 90's was hard work. I miss it, though. Before you could Google (or rather, AskJeeves or Yahoo or Lycos) how to beat a game, you had to figure it out. And it was super-satisfying to know you'd figured it out yourself. Many games were hard too, you get get stuck for hours or days. It's a shame now that any bit you can't beat in a game is solved by a quick search. Now everything has a waypoint system as well, making finding important locations trivial. I remember a quest back in vanilla WoW that gave info on landmarks you had to follow to find a NPC somewhere in the woods. Now it just puts a marker on the map. You'd lift the receiver off the hook, give the magneto generator a few cranks, then, speaking clearly into the transmitter, politely introduce yourself to Marjorie the operator and ask to be connected to Geoffrey person-to-person. It's not hard. Automated switching happened because the guy who invented it ran a funeral parlor and the operator kept connecting people to his competitor because operator was competetor's relative. That's great ingenuity. A lot of people would just sue. Not invent. Oh, man... This brings back memories of adventure games back in the 1980's. Zork, Ultima, that sort of thing. If you got stuck, you had to rely on hint books that game developers published. Two stories here: (1) InvisiClues - a series of hint books that used invisible ink to hide the answers. You used a special marker to reveal them, but only for questions that you really needed answered. The authors would load up the books with red-herring questions and nonsensical answers to deter cheating. Lots of fun. (2) A gaming hint book compendium - basically, people bundled up hints for solving lots of games, and sold them together. My family had a computer and some games, but not much disposable income - not enough to blow on those kinds of books. So whenever I ran into an unsolvable puzzle, I'd wait for the next trip to the mall, then visit the bookstore and get the hint I needed from the hint book on the shelf. My old man played that game and as I was only around five or six I'd sit in a dining room chair at his side and watch him navigate through it, solving the puzzles like a champ and laughing at the hilarious plot/cinematics. The point of me telling you this is b/c I can remember he was stuck on a puzzle for days, maybe weeks. Just plain stumped. Had to arrange colored lights in a certain way to solve the thing but there was no clear indication of the order they should go in and the combinations were too many to solve through process of elimination. Written above the puzzle was this: B.O.B.B.Y. So I says, "Blue Orange Blue Blue Yellow" and the old man looks at me, smiling a smile that says no son, it can't be that easy... It was the combination of course and the puzzle was solved and we could finally move on. Now I'm 26 and we still every once and a while come back to that game and that moment--still laugh and say, "BOBBY -- BLue Orange Blue Blue Yellow! Klog go all stinky bad! OMFG I you just brought back so many memories. I loved this game as a kid and couldn't remember what it was called! member Clayfighter? Oh yeah I member. Loved that game. The Snowman is the character that sticks out in my memory. Here's something for the nostalgia trip. Neverhood's Soundtrack Thank so much for this bro, I just got crazy chills listening to that. The crazy thing is I remember each track and know where a few of them play specifically in the map haha. Fuck they need to rerelease The Neverhood. I just found a spiritual successor to The Neverhood, it's called Armikrog and it's on Steam and this console gen, too It's terrible and buggy, huge disappointment. That's too bad, because I was hoping for better, also I really like Rob Paulson. Super nice guy. I was too. Read the steam reviews for the game, they are pretty accurate. http://store.steampowered.com/app/334120/ Holy crap thanks for this! This game horrified me as a child. I don't know where I'd be without Neverhood and Myst / Riven. Those games teach more thinking skills to kids than all the years of school put together. Interestingly enough the models in the original Dooms were made out of clay. Here's a photo of Adrian Carmack sculpting one, which would then be photographed, rescaled, recoloured and then animated for the game. Here's a real life spider mastermind. That is pretty interesting If you want to know more: John Carmack created a program called "Fuzzy Pumper Pallete Shop" which the artists used to manipulate video of the models. From the DoomWik: "This program was initially used by Adrian Carmack to capture the eight needed rotation frames of his hand-sculpted clay models. The model would be placed inside a brightly lit white box on a rotating modeling stand and then captured through video into the program. The resulting images were "distorted,"[1] and in substantial need of touch-ups. When the clay modeling process proved too slow to be practical, the program still proved itself useful for capturing images of the metal-and-latex miniatures created by Gregor Punchatz. Other items captured included shots of Kevin Cloud wielding various plastic toy guns which became the basis of Doom's weapons, Tom Hall's girlfriend's Eager Beaver chainsaw, a pair of snake skin boots, and a bloody scab on Kevin's knee - the latter two became parts of various wall textures." If you are interested in the making of Doom and the history of id software I can't recommend the book Masters of Doom enough. I never realized those spider masterminds had hands. It must suck to have an itch I did not know this, wow! That mane tho Thanks for sharing this, pretty cool! This is often done in animation, but more as a reference model than an actual product that gets photographed. Kirby and the rainbow curse! So, Kiby's made of clay, Yoshi's made of yarn, Mario's made of paper... has someone at Nintendo accidentally locked themselves in an arts and crafts store and this is their way of asking for help? We need a tin toy zelda game Actually, Yoshi has a game where he is made of wool (Yoshi's Wooly World), and Kirby had the game where he was yarn (Kirby's Epic Yarn). Platypus ClayFighter When I first got my N64 the only two games I had for so long were Mario 64 and Clayfighter. I put so many hours into Clay Fighter do you still have the 64 version? worth a penny now I believe Just checked it on Amazon. Pretty cheap if you don't care about the box or the special edition. Special edition is $3000 with the box. I'm not sure if I should pick up the SNES or the 64 version though. The sculptors cut was exclusive to blockbuster. I have the Sculptor's Cut version. Don't have the box, unfortunately. I had no idea what it was worth until recently! Clay fighter was the fucking tits Let's get ready to cruuumble! God I miss that game First thing I thought of....Bad Mr. Frosty 4 lyfe Git em kitty! Clayfighter was awesome! Hell yes. I remember my uncle getting me that for my birthday and how pissed my mother was. Good times. Wow! Thanks for Platypus I totally forgot about this game and I played it alot long time ago! Never had clayfighters but I had biofreaks. I remember it being awesome. It's not:( Skull monkeys The Swapper uses clay and it's pretty amazing! Whaaaaaat, I had no idea that was the case! I haven't finished the game but came atleast halfway before real life interrupted me! The Neverhood, great claymation game. There are! Clay Fighter (1, 2, 63 1/3), Clay Jam... and I can't remember the rest. Lol There was an iOS game from way back when that used clay graphics, it was about a ball rolling down a hill if I remember correctly. Clay Jam! It was actually pretty good for a mobile game It's incredible, and you can still download it today, at least on Android. BombSquad! Came here to say this! For those who don't know, it's really cool because people can join the game with a smartphone as their controller. I believe you can even play 2 players using just one keyboard, or you can also add players using their phone as a controller (if they get the app which is pretty small I think). So it's kind of a cool idea; you can use a laptop and get a sweet party game going wherever. I've used it a couple times with my team on road trips. A lot of claymation games I know of have already been mentioned, but I'd also recommend the crazy, out-of-this-world RPG Hylics. That game is one of the trippiest I've ever seen. Gang beasts is kind of clay-like. And hilarious. The things I'd do for a new ClayFighter... Bringing back memories of playing Claymations on the SNES! You mean Claymates? I remember getting stuck on that game and never being able to finish it. I was too young to know I could just look up the damn answer. Looking that up back in 97 wasn't that easy. I got stuck as well and ended up calling people who had finished it to fish for answers. "Calling" people? I don't understand... You would use the landline in your parents' house to call other landlines where your friends' parents would pick up. You would then proceed to ask if your friend could come to the phone so you could fish for answers. Alternatively you'd take the bus into town, pick up some games magazine and pray to Jesus that it contained a walkthrough or some cheat codes. I got kicked out of the local Blockbuster because I would go in and copy cheat codes from the code books. There I was, flying down on my stomach, pencil in hand, transcribing the entire book by hand like a Franciscan monk. I'm imagining a young person laying down on a skateboard "flying" around the blockbuster while copying down cheat codes. That's exactly how the 90's were. Everyone just belly flying on skateboards. Only 90's kids remeber When they weren't slamming pogs on their friends punk asses you mean... Blockbuster had cheat codes? I remember the game consoles, but actual cheat books seem out of place. Yeah, have you never seen a comprehensive cheat book? They used to be everywhere even up to the early 2000's. They had nearly every mainstream game in them separated out by console with all the cheat codes. Still have an old game Genie book for the NES. Pages and pages of arcane incantations (aka strings of hex) to make everything easier. Are you sure you weren't kicked out for flying inside the store? Other customers kinda don't appreciate kids whizzing around the place. Every christmas on my list was for a year subscription to NINTENDO POWER for that reason! The fuck is a landline? Basically two cans connected by a piece of string. Connected by a series of tubes. Tangled up tubes. It puts the lotion on its skin.... A cellphone without a battery, so it has to be plugged in 24/7. Finally! I don't have to lug this cell phone around. Next thing you're gonna tell me is that there is some kind of booth with the landline inside in public areas. Oh, Hermes... Sounds awful Should we tell him about how rotary phones worked? it gets worse. you couldn't plug it in the mains socket, it had special wires with special electricity in them. Yep, in the South if your friend was a Jr. You'd ask for 'Little <insert name here>" Is John there? Big or Little? Little. Little john? Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah! WHHHHAAAT? I'm so glad that the elder millennials showed up to this thread to comment. The struggle was real. I'm old enough to remember what the world was like before being able to just Google an answer. But young enough to have been shown how to use the new technologies as they developed. I was about to rant like this so hard. Doesn't it feel like we were shown how hard life was and then they just internet-ed our life into the new century? -Born 1990 kid I'm glad I got through high school without social media being a thing. I can only imagine the idiotic "deep" shit my 15 year old self would have written. I hope my high school Myspace blogs are buried so deep in the net that they can never be found again. I have so much idiotic shit to atone for that randomly crops up on my time hop. Count your blessings. Yeah, I get why your saying. I think us older millennials appreciate the technology more because we remember life without it. Some of these younger kids now just take it for granted. "Meh, kids these days! They take everything for granted!" -us Damn son, I guess we old as fuck now. Dude, yes. I couldn't agree more. I'll never forget getting on AOL for the first time lol (1993) this is the part of my childhood i really do not miss. I remember when GTA Vice City came out. I made a promise to myself never to use a cheat code ever again. After I beat it, I knew I could do anything. Then GTA: SA came out and that goddamn dirtbike could never keep up with that train no matter what i did. I don't play video games anymore, but I did beat 4 and 5 on my own just to maintain some sort of balance inside my head that I don't need no Gamepro magazine to help me through life. Yeah. I remember running out to my dad as he came home from work yelling and bragging that I had beaten Quake 1 before him. I had used /impulse9 (all weapons) and /noclip (run through walls). He was not impressed. You'd have to wait until someone was off the dialup internet first. You could even call a tip hotline. The number was usually printed on the manual of the game somewhere. For under $1.00/minute, you could call the hotline and they would help you solve the more difficult puzzles. Being a gamer in the 90's was hard work. I miss it, though. Before you could Google (or rather, AskJeeves or Yahoo or Lycos) how to beat a game, you had to figure it out. And it was super-satisfying to know you'd figured it out yourself. Many games were hard too, you get get stuck for hours or days. It's a shame now that any bit you can't beat in a game is solved by a quick search. Now everything has a waypoint system as well, making finding important locations trivial. I remember a quest back in vanilla WoW that gave info on landmarks you had to follow to find a NPC somewhere in the woods. Now it just puts a marker on the map. You'd lift the receiver off the hook, give the magneto generator a few cranks, then, speaking clearly into the transmitter, politely introduce yourself to Marjorie the operator and ask to be connected to Geoffrey person-to-person. It's not hard. Automated switching happened because the guy who invented it ran a funeral parlor and the operator kept connecting people to his competitor because operator was competetor's relative. That's great ingenuity. A lot of people would just sue. Not invent. Oh, man... This brings back memories of adventure games back in the 1980's. Zork, Ultima, that sort of thing. If you got stuck, you had to rely on hint books that game developers published. Two stories here: (1) InvisiClues - a series of hint books that used invisible ink to hide the answers. You used a special marker to reveal them, but only for questions that you really needed answered. The authors would load up the books with red-herring questions and nonsensical answers to deter cheating. Lots of fun. (2) A gaming hint book compendium - basically, people bundled up hints for solving lots of games, and sold them together. My family had a computer and some games, but not much disposable income - not enough to blow on those kinds of books. So whenever I ran into an unsolvable puzzle, I'd wait for the next trip to the mall, then visit the bookstore and get the hint I needed from the hint book on the shelf. My old man played that game and as I was only around five or six I'd sit in a dining room chair at his side and watch him navigate through it, solving the puzzles like a champ and laughing at the hilarious plot/cinematics. The point of me telling you this is b/c I can remember he was stuck on a puzzle for days, maybe weeks. Just plain stumped. Had to arrange colored lights in a certain way to solve the thing but there was no clear indication of the order they should go in and the combinations were too many to solve through process of elimination. Written above the puzzle was this: B.O.B.B.Y. So I says, "Blue Orange Blue Blue Yellow" and the old man looks at me, smiling a smile that says no son, it can't be that easy... It was the combination of course and the puzzle was solved and we could finally move on. Now I'm 26 and we still every once and a while come back to that game and that moment--still laugh and say, "BOBBY -- BLue Orange Blue Blue Yellow! Klog go all stinky bad! OMFG I you just brought back so many memories. I loved this game as a kid and couldn't remember what it was called! member Clayfighter? Oh yeah I member. Loved that game. The Snowman is the character that sticks out in my memory. Here's something for the nostalgia trip. Neverhood's Soundtrack Thank so much for this bro, I just got crazy chills listening to that. The crazy thing is I remember each track and know where a few of them play specifically in the map haha. Fuck they need to rerelease The Neverhood. I just found a spiritual successor to The Neverhood, it's called Armikrog and it's on Steam and this console gen, too It's terrible and buggy, huge disappointment. That's too bad, because I was hoping for better, also I really like Rob Paulson. Super nice guy. I was too. Read the steam reviews for the game, they are pretty accurate. http://store.steampowered.com/app/334120/ Holy crap thanks for this! This game horrified me as a child. I don't know where I'd be without Neverhood and Myst / Riven. Those games teach more thinking skills to kids than all the years of school put together. Looking that up back in 97 wasn't that easy. I got stuck as well and ended up calling people who had finished it to fish for answers. "Calling" people? I don't understand... You would use the landline in your parents' house to call other landlines where your friends' parents would pick up. You would then proceed to ask if your friend could come to the phone so you could fish for answers. Alternatively you'd take the bus into town, pick up some games magazine and pray to Jesus that it contained a walkthrough or some cheat codes. I got kicked out of the local Blockbuster because I would go in and copy cheat codes from the code books. There I was, flying down on my stomach, pencil in hand, transcribing the entire book by hand like a Franciscan monk. I'm imagining a young person laying down on a skateboard "flying" around the blockbuster while copying down cheat codes. That's exactly how the 90's were. Everyone just belly flying on skateboards. Only 90's kids remeber When they weren't slamming pogs on their friends punk asses you mean... Blockbuster had cheat codes? I remember the game consoles, but actual cheat books seem out of place. Yeah, have you never seen a comprehensive cheat book? They used to be everywhere even up to the early 2000's. They had nearly every mainstream game in them separated out by console with all the cheat codes. Still have an old game Genie book for the NES. Pages and pages of arcane incantations (aka strings of hex) to make everything easier. Are you sure you weren't kicked out for flying inside the store? Other customers kinda don't appreciate kids whizzing around the place. Every christmas on my list was for a year subscription to NINTENDO POWER for that reason! The fuck is a landline? Basically two cans connected by a piece of string. Connected by a series of tubes. Tangled up tubes. It puts the lotion on its skin.... A cellphone without a battery, so it has to be plugged in 24/7. Finally! I don't have to lug this cell phone around. Next thing you're gonna tell me is that there is some kind of booth with the landline inside in public areas. Oh, Hermes... Sounds awful Should we tell him about how rotary phones worked? it gets worse. you couldn't plug it in the mains socket, it had special wires with special electricity in them. Yep, in the South if your friend was a Jr. You'd ask for 'Little <insert name here>" Is John there? Big or Little? Little. Little john? Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah! WHHHHAAAT? I'm so glad that the elder millennials showed up to this thread to comment. The struggle was real. I'm old enough to remember what the world was like before being able to just Google an answer. But young enough to have been shown how to use the new technologies as they developed. I was about to rant like this so hard. Doesn't it feel like we were shown how hard life was and then they just internet-ed our life into the new century? -Born 1990 kid I'm glad I got through high school without social media being a thing. I can only imagine the idiotic "deep" shit my 15 year old self would have written. I hope my high school Myspace blogs are buried so deep in the net that they can never be found again. I have so much idiotic shit to atone for that randomly crops up on my time hop. Count your blessings. Yeah, I get why your saying. I think us older millennials appreciate the technology more because we remember life without it. Some of these younger kids now just take it for granted. "Meh, kids these days! They take everything for granted!" -us Damn son, I guess we old as fuck now. Dude, yes. I couldn't agree more. I'll never forget getting on AOL for the first time lol (1993) this is the part of my childhood i really do not miss. I remember when GTA Vice City came out. I made a promise to myself never to use a cheat code ever again. After I beat it, I knew I could do anything. Then GTA: SA came out and that goddamn dirtbike could never keep up with that train no matter what i did. I don't play video games anymore, but I did beat 4 and 5 on my own just to maintain some sort of balance inside my head that I don't need no Gamepro magazine to help me through life. Yeah. I remember running out to my dad as he came home from work yelling and bragging that I had beaten Quake 1 before him. I had used /impulse9 (all weapons) and /noclip (run through walls). He was not impressed. You'd have to wait until someone was off the dialup internet first. You could even call a tip hotline. The number was usually printed on the manual of the game somewhere. For under $1.00/minute, you could call the hotline and they would help you solve the more difficult puzzles. Being a gamer in the 90's was hard work. I miss it, though. Before you could Google (or rather, AskJeeves or Yahoo or Lycos) how to beat a game, you had to figure it out. And it was super-satisfying to know you'd figured it out yourself. Many games were hard too, you get get stuck for hours or days. It's a shame now that any bit you can't beat in a game is solved by a quick search. Now everything has a waypoint system as well, making finding important locations trivial. I remember a quest back in vanilla WoW that gave info on landmarks you had to follow to find a NPC somewhere in the woods. Now it just puts a marker on the map. You'd lift the receiver off the hook, give the magneto generator a few cranks, then, speaking clearly into the transmitter, politely introduce yourself to Marjorie the operator and ask to be connected to Geoffrey person-to-person. It's not hard. Automated switching happened because the guy who invented it ran a funeral parlor and the operator kept connecting people to his competitor because operator was competetor's relative. That's great ingenuity. A lot of people would just sue. Not invent. Oh, man... This brings back memories of adventure games back in the 1980's. Zork, Ultima, that sort of thing. If you got stuck, you had to rely on hint books that game developers published. Two stories here: (1) InvisiClues - a series of hint books that used invisible ink to hide the answers. You used a special marker to reveal them, but only for questions that you really needed answered. The authors would load up the books with red-herring questions and nonsensical answers to deter cheating. Lots of fun. (2) A gaming hint book compendium - basically, people bundled up hints for solving lots of games, and sold them together. My family had a computer and some games, but not much disposable income - not enough to blow on those kinds of books. So whenever I ran into an unsolvable puzzle, I'd wait for the next trip to the mall, then visit the bookstore and get the hint I needed from the hint book on the shelf. My old man played that game and as I was only around five or six I'd sit in a dining room chair at his side and watch him navigate through it, solving the puzzles like a champ and laughing at the hilarious plot/cinematics. The point of me telling you this is b/c I can remember he was stuck on a puzzle for days, maybe weeks. Just plain stumped. Had to arrange colored lights in a certain way to solve the thing but there was no clear indication of the order they should go in and the combinations were too many to solve through process of elimination. Written above the puzzle was this: B.O.B.B.Y. So I says, "Blue Orange Blue Blue Yellow" and the old man looks at me, smiling a smile that says no son, it can't be that easy... It was the combination of course and the puzzle was solved and we could finally move on. Now I'm 26 and we still every once and a while come back to that game and that moment--still laugh and say, "BOBBY -- BLue Orange Blue Blue Yellow! Klog go all stinky bad! "Calling" people? I don't understand... You would use the landline in your parents' house to call other landlines where your friends' parents would pick up. You would then proceed to ask if your friend could come to the phone so you could fish for answers. Alternatively you'd take the bus into town, pick up some games magazine and pray to Jesus that it contained a walkthrough or some cheat codes. I got kicked out of the local Blockbuster because I would go in and copy cheat codes from the code books. There I was, flying down on my stomach, pencil in hand, transcribing the entire book by hand like a Franciscan monk. I'm imagining a young person laying down on a skateboard "flying" around the blockbuster while copying down cheat codes. That's exactly how the 90's were. Everyone just belly flying on skateboards. Only 90's kids remeber When they weren't slamming pogs on their friends punk asses you mean... Blockbuster had cheat codes? I remember the game consoles, but actual cheat books seem out of place. Yeah, have you never seen a comprehensive cheat book? They used to be everywhere even up to the early 2000's. They had nearly every mainstream game in them separated out by console with all the cheat codes. Still have an old game Genie book for the NES. Pages and pages of arcane incantations (aka strings of hex) to make everything easier. Are you sure you weren't kicked out for flying inside the store? Other customers kinda don't appreciate kids whizzing around the place. Every christmas on my list was for a year subscription to NINTENDO POWER for that reason! The fuck is a landline? Basically two cans connected by a piece of string. Connected by a series of tubes. Tangled up tubes. It puts the lotion on its skin.... A cellphone without a battery, so it has to be plugged in 24/7. Finally! I don't have to lug this cell phone around. Next thing you're gonna tell me is that there is some kind of booth with the landline inside in public areas. Oh, Hermes... Sounds awful Should we tell him about how rotary phones worked? it gets worse. you couldn't plug it in the mains socket, it had special wires with special electricity in them. Yep, in the South if your friend was a Jr. You'd ask for 'Little <insert name here>" Is John there? Big or Little? Little. Little john? Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah! WHHHHAAAT? I'm so glad that the elder millennials showed up to this thread to comment. The struggle was real. I'm old enough to remember what the world was like before being able to just Google an answer. But young enough to have been shown how to use the new technologies as they developed. I was about to rant like this so hard. Doesn't it feel like we were shown how hard life was and then they just internet-ed our life into the new century? -Born 1990 kid I'm glad I got through high school without social media being a thing. I can only imagine the idiotic "deep" shit my 15 year old self would have written. I hope my high school Myspace blogs are buried so deep in the net that they can never be found again. I have so much idiotic shit to atone for that randomly crops up on my time hop. Count your blessings. Yeah, I get why your saying. I think us older millennials appreciate the technology more because we remember life without it. Some of these younger kids now just take it for granted. "Meh, kids these days! They take everything for granted!" -us Damn son, I guess we old as fuck now. Dude, yes. I couldn't agree more. I'll never forget getting on AOL for the first time lol (1993) this is the part of my childhood i really do not miss. I remember when GTA Vice City came out. I made a promise to myself never to use a cheat code ever again. After I beat it, I knew I could do anything. Then GTA: SA came out and that goddamn dirtbike could never keep up with that train no matter what i did. I don't play video games anymore, but I did beat 4 and 5 on my own just to maintain some sort of balance inside my head that I don't need no Gamepro magazine to help me through life. Yeah. I remember running out to my dad as he came home from work yelling and bragging that I had beaten Quake 1 before him. I had used /impulse9 (all weapons) and /noclip (run through walls). He was not impressed. You'd have to wait until someone was off the dialup internet first. You could even call a tip hotline. The number was usually printed on the manual of the game somewhere. For under $1.00/minute, you could call the hotline and they would help you solve the more difficult puzzles. Being a gamer in the 90's was hard work. I miss it, though. Before you could Google (or rather, AskJeeves or Yahoo or Lycos) how to beat a game, you had to figure it out. And it was super-satisfying to know you'd figured it out yourself. Many games were hard too, you get get stuck for hours or days. It's a shame now that any bit you can't beat in a game is solved by a quick search. Now everything has a waypoint system as well, making finding important locations trivial. I remember a quest back in vanilla WoW that gave info on landmarks you had to follow to find a NPC somewhere in the woods. Now it just puts a marker on the map. You'd lift the receiver off the hook, give the magneto generator a few cranks, then, speaking clearly into the transmitter, politely introduce yourself to Marjorie the operator and ask to be connected to Geoffrey person-to-person. It's not hard. Automated switching happened because the guy who invented it ran a funeral parlor and the operator kept connecting people to his competitor because operator was competetor's relative. That's great ingenuity. A lot of people would just sue. Not invent. Oh, man... This brings back memories of adventure games back in the 1980's. Zork, Ultima, that sort of thing. If you got stuck, you had to rely on hint books that game developers published. Two stories here: (1) InvisiClues - a series of hint books that used invisible ink to hide the answers. You used a special marker to reveal them, but only for questions that you really needed answered. The authors would load up the books with red-herring questions and nonsensical answers to deter cheating. Lots of fun. (2) A gaming hint book compendium - basically, people bundled up hints for solving lots of games, and sold them together. My family had a computer and some games, but not much disposable income - not enough to blow on those kinds of books. So whenever I ran into an unsolvable puzzle, I'd wait for the next trip to the mall, then visit the bookstore and get the hint I needed from the hint book on the shelf. You would use the landline in your parents' house to call other landlines where your friends' parents would pick up. You would then proceed to ask if your friend could come to the phone so you could fish for answers. Alternatively you'd take the bus into town, pick up some games magazine and pray to Jesus that it contained a walkthrough or some cheat codes. I got kicked out of the local Blockbuster because I would go in and copy cheat codes from the code books. There I was, flying down on my stomach, pencil in hand, transcribing the entire book by hand like a Franciscan monk. I'm imagining a young person laying down on a skateboard "flying" around the blockbuster while copying down cheat codes. That's exactly how the 90's were. Everyone just belly flying on skateboards. Only 90's kids remeber When they weren't slamming pogs on their friends punk asses you mean... Blockbuster had cheat codes? I remember the game consoles, but actual cheat books seem out of place. Yeah, have you never seen a comprehensive cheat book? They used to be everywhere even up to the early 2000's. They had nearly every mainstream game in them separated out by console with all the cheat codes. Still have an old game Genie book for the NES. Pages and pages of arcane incantations (aka strings of hex) to make everything easier. Are you sure you weren't kicked out for flying inside the store? Other customers kinda don't appreciate kids whizzing around the place. Every christmas on my list was for a year subscription to NINTENDO POWER for that reason! The fuck is a landline? Basically two cans connected by a piece of string. Connected by a series of tubes. Tangled up tubes. It puts the lotion on its skin.... A cellphone without a battery, so it has to be plugged in 24/7. Finally! I don't have to lug this cell phone around. Next thing you're gonna tell me is that there is some kind of booth with the landline inside in public areas. Oh, Hermes... Sounds awful Should we tell him about how rotary phones worked? it gets worse. you couldn't plug it in the mains socket, it had special wires with special electricity in them. Yep, in the South if your friend was a Jr. You'd ask for 'Little <insert name here>" Is John there? Big or Little? Little. Little john? Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah! WHHHHAAAT? I'm so glad that the elder millennials showed up to this thread to comment. The struggle was real. I'm old enough to remember what the world was like before being able to just Google an answer. But young enough to have been shown how to use the new technologies as they developed. I was about to rant like this so hard. Doesn't it feel like we were shown how hard life was and then they just internet-ed our life into the new century? -Born 1990 kid I'm glad I got through high school without social media being a thing. I can only imagine the idiotic "deep" shit my 15 year old self would have written. I hope my high school Myspace blogs are buried so deep in the net that they can never be found again. I have so much idiotic shit to atone for that randomly crops up on my time hop. Count your blessings. Yeah, I get why your saying. I think us older millennials appreciate the technology more because we remember life without it. Some of these younger kids now just take it for granted. "Meh, kids these days! They take everything for granted!" -us Damn son, I guess we old as fuck now. Dude, yes. I couldn't agree more. I'll never forget getting on AOL for the first time lol (1993) this is the part of my childhood i really do not miss. I remember when GTA Vice City came out. I made a promise to myself never to use a cheat code ever again. After I beat it, I knew I could do anything. Then GTA: SA came out and that goddamn dirtbike could never keep up with that train no matter what i did. I don't play video games anymore, but I did beat 4 and 5 on my own just to maintain some sort of balance inside my head that I don't need no Gamepro magazine to help me through life. Yeah. I remember running out to my dad as he came home from work yelling and bragging that I had beaten Quake 1 before him. I had used /impulse9 (all weapons) and /noclip (run through walls). He was not impressed. You'd have to wait until someone was off the dialup internet first. You could even call a tip hotline. The number was usually printed on the manual of the game somewhere. For under $1.00/minute, you could call the hotline and they would help you solve the more difficult puzzles. Being a gamer in the 90's was hard work. I miss it, though. Before you could Google (or rather, AskJeeves or Yahoo or Lycos) how to beat a game, you had to figure it out. And it was super-satisfying to know you'd figured it out yourself. Many games were hard too, you get get stuck for hours or days. It's a shame now that any bit you can't beat in a game is solved by a quick search. Now everything has a waypoint system as well, making finding important locations trivial. I remember a quest back in vanilla WoW that gave info on landmarks you had to follow to find a NPC somewhere in the woods. Now it just puts a marker on the map. You'd lift the receiver off the hook, give the magneto generator a few cranks, then, speaking clearly into the transmitter, politely introduce yourself to Marjorie the operator and ask to be connected to Geoffrey person-to-person. It's not hard. Automated switching happened because the guy who invented it ran a funeral parlor and the operator kept connecting people to his competitor because operator was competetor's relative. That's great ingenuity. A lot of people would just sue. Not invent. I got kicked out of the local Blockbuster because I would go in and copy cheat codes from the code books. There I was, flying down on my stomach, pencil in hand, transcribing the entire book by hand like a Franciscan monk. I'm imagining a young person laying down on a skateboard "flying" around the blockbuster while copying down cheat codes. That's exactly how the 90's were. Everyone just belly flying on skateboards. Only 90's kids remeber When they weren't slamming pogs on their friends punk asses you mean... Blockbuster had cheat codes? I remember the game consoles, but actual cheat books seem out of place. Yeah, have you never seen a comprehensive cheat book? They used to be everywhere even up to the early 2000's. They had nearly every mainstream game in them separated out by console with all the cheat codes. Still have an old game Genie book for the NES. Pages and pages of arcane incantations (aka strings of hex) to make everything easier. Are you sure you weren't kicked out for flying inside the store? Other customers kinda don't appreciate kids whizzing around the place. Every christmas on my list was for a year subscription to NINTENDO POWER for that reason! The fuck is a landline? Basically two cans connected by a piece of string. Connected by a series of tubes. Tangled up tubes. It puts the lotion on its skin.... A cellphone without a battery, so it has to be plugged in 24/7. Finally! I don't have to lug this cell phone around. Next thing you're gonna tell me is that there is some kind of booth with the landline inside in public areas. Oh, Hermes... Sounds awful Should we tell him about how rotary phones worked? it gets worse. you couldn't plug it in the mains socket, it had special wires with special electricity in them. Yep, in the South if your friend was a Jr. You'd ask for 'Little <insert name here>" Is John there? Big or Little? Little. Little john? Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah! WHHHHAAAT? I'm so glad that the elder millennials showed up to this thread to comment. The struggle was real. I'm old enough to remember what the world was like before being able to just Google an answer. But young enough to have been shown how to use the new technologies as they developed. I was about to rant like this so hard. Doesn't it feel like we were shown how hard life was and then they just internet-ed our life into the new century? -Born 1990 kid I'm glad I got through high school without social media being a thing. I can only imagine the idiotic "deep" shit my 15 year old self would have written. I hope my high school Myspace blogs are buried so deep in the net that they can never be found again. I have so much idiotic shit to atone for that randomly crops up on my time hop. Count your blessings. Yeah, I get why your saying. I think us older millennials appreciate the technology more because we remember life without it. Some of these younger kids now just take it for granted. "Meh, kids these days! They take everything for granted!" -us Damn son, I guess we old as fuck now. Dude, yes. I couldn't agree more. I'll never forget getting on AOL for the first time lol (1993) this is the part of my childhood i really do not miss. I remember when GTA Vice City came out. I made a promise to myself never to use a cheat code ever again. After I beat it, I knew I could do anything. Then GTA: SA came out and that goddamn dirtbike could never keep up with that train no matter what i did. I don't play video games anymore, but I did beat 4 and 5 on my own just to maintain some sort of balance inside my head that I don't need no Gamepro magazine to help me through life. Yeah. I remember running out to my dad as he came home from work yelling and bragging that I had beaten Quake 1 before him. I had used /impulse9 (all weapons) and /noclip (run through walls). He was not impressed. You'd have to wait until someone was off the dialup internet first. I'm imagining a young person laying down on a skateboard "flying" around the blockbuster while copying down cheat codes. That's exactly how the 90's were. Everyone just belly flying on skateboards. Only 90's kids remeber When they weren't slamming pogs on their friends punk asses you mean... Blockbuster had cheat codes? I remember the game consoles, but actual cheat books seem out of place. Yeah, have you never seen a comprehensive cheat book? They used to be everywhere even up to the early 2000's. They had nearly every mainstream game in them separated out by console with all the cheat codes. Still have an old game Genie book for the NES. Pages and pages of arcane incantations (aka strings of hex) to make everything easier. Are you sure you weren't kicked out for flying inside the store? Other customers kinda don't appreciate kids whizzing around the place. That's exactly how the 90's were. Everyone just belly flying on skateboards. Only 90's kids remeber When they weren't slamming pogs on their friends punk asses you mean... Only 90's kids remeber When they weren't slamming pogs on their friends punk asses you mean... Yeah, have you never seen a comprehensive cheat book? They used to be everywhere even up to the early 2000's. They had nearly every mainstream game in them separated out by console with all the cheat codes. Still have an old game Genie book for the NES. Pages and pages of arcane incantations (aka strings of hex) to make everything easier. Still have an old game Genie book for the NES. Pages and pages of arcane incantations (aka strings of hex) to make everything easier. Basically two cans connected by a piece of string. Connected by a series of tubes. Tangled up tubes. It puts the lotion on its skin.... A cellphone without a battery, so it has to be plugged in 24/7. Finally! I don't have to lug this cell phone around. Next thing you're gonna tell me is that there is some kind of booth with the landline inside in public areas. Oh, Hermes... Sounds awful Should we tell him about how rotary phones worked? it gets worse. you couldn't plug it in the mains socket, it had special wires with special electricity in them. Connected by a series of tubes. Tangled up tubes. It puts the lotion on its skin.... Tangled up tubes. It puts the lotion on its skin.... Finally! I don't have to lug this cell phone around. Next thing you're gonna tell me is that there is some kind of booth with the landline inside in public areas. Oh, Hermes... Sounds awful Should we tell him about how rotary phones worked? it gets worse. you couldn't plug it in the mains socket, it had special wires with special electricity in them. Next thing you're gonna tell me is that there is some kind of booth with the landline inside in public areas. Oh, Hermes... Should we tell him about how rotary phones worked? it gets worse. you couldn't plug it in the mains socket, it had special wires with special electricity in them. Little john? Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah! WHHHHAAAT? WHHHHAAAT? I was about to rant like this so hard. Doesn't it feel like we were shown how hard life was and then they just internet-ed our life into the new century? -Born 1990 kid I'm glad I got through high school without social media being a thing. I can only imagine the idiotic "deep" shit my 15 year old self would have written. I hope my high school Myspace blogs are buried so deep in the net that they can never be found again. I have so much idiotic shit to atone for that randomly crops up on my time hop. Count your blessings. Yeah, I get why your saying. I think us older millennials appreciate the technology more because we remember life without it. Some of these younger kids now just take it for granted. "Meh, kids these days! They take everything for granted!" -us Damn son, I guess we old as fuck now. Dude, yes. I couldn't agree more. I'll never forget getting on AOL for the first time lol (1993) I'm glad I got through high school without social media being a thing. I can only imagine the idiotic "deep" shit my 15 year old self would have written. I hope my high school Myspace blogs are buried so deep in the net that they can never be found again. I have so much idiotic shit to atone for that randomly crops up on my time hop. Count your blessings. Yeah, I get why your saying. I think us older millennials appreciate the technology more because we remember life without it. Some of these younger kids now just take it for granted. "Meh, kids these days! They take everything for granted!" -us Damn son, I guess we old as fuck now. Dude, yes. I couldn't agree more. I'll never forget getting on AOL for the first time lol (1993) I hope my high school Myspace blogs are buried so deep in the net that they can never be found again. I have so much idiotic shit to atone for that randomly crops up on my time hop. Count your blessings. "Meh, kids these days! They take everything for granted!" -us Damn son, I guess we old as fuck now. Yeah. I remember running out to my dad as he came home from work yelling and bragging that I had beaten Quake 1 before him. I had used /impulse9 (all weapons) and /noclip (run through walls). He was not impressed. I miss it, though. Before you could Google (or rather, AskJeeves or Yahoo or Lycos) how to beat a game, you had to figure it out. And it was super-satisfying to know you'd figured it out yourself. Many games were hard too, you get get stuck for hours or days. It's a shame now that any bit you can't beat in a game is solved by a quick search. Now everything has a waypoint system as well, making finding important locations trivial. I remember a quest back in vanilla WoW that gave info on landmarks you had to follow to find a NPC somewhere in the woods. Now it just puts a marker on the map. Now everything has a waypoint system as well, making finding important locations trivial. I remember a quest back in vanilla WoW that gave info on landmarks you had to follow to find a NPC somewhere in the woods. Now it just puts a marker on the map. Automated switching happened because the guy who invented it ran a funeral parlor and the operator kept connecting people to his competitor because operator was competetor's relative. That's great ingenuity. A lot of people would just sue. Not invent. That's great ingenuity. A lot of people would just sue. Not invent. member Clayfighter? Oh yeah I member. Loved that game. The Snowman is the character that sticks out in my memory. Here's something for the nostalgia trip. Neverhood's Soundtrack Thank so much for this bro, I just got crazy chills listening to that. The crazy thing is I remember each track and know where a few of them play specifically in the map haha. Fuck they need to rerelease The Neverhood. Oh yeah I member. Loved that game. The Snowman is the character that sticks out in my memory. Thank so much for this bro, I just got crazy chills listening to that. The crazy thing is I remember each track and know where a few of them play specifically in the map haha. Fuck they need to rerelease The Neverhood. It's terrible and buggy, huge disappointment. That's too bad, because I was hoping for better, also I really like Rob Paulson. Super nice guy. I was too. Read the steam reviews for the game, they are pretty accurate. http://store.steampowered.com/app/334120/ Holy crap thanks for this! That's too bad, because I was hoping for better, also I really like Rob Paulson. Super nice guy. I was too. Read the steam reviews for the game, they are pretty accurate. http://store.steampowered.com/app/334120/ I was too. Read the steam reviews for the game, they are pretty accurate. http://store.steampowered.com/app/334120/ That is pretty interesting If you want to know more: John Carmack created a program called "Fuzzy Pumper Pallete Shop" which the artists used to manipulate video of the models. From the DoomWik: "This program was initially used by Adrian Carmack to capture the eight needed rotation frames of his hand-sculpted clay models. The model would be placed inside a brightly lit white box on a rotating modeling stand and then captured through video into the program. The resulting images were "distorted,"[1] and in substantial need of touch-ups. When the clay modeling process proved too slow to be practical, the program still proved itself useful for capturing images of the metal-and-latex miniatures created by Gregor Punchatz. Other items captured included shots of Kevin Cloud wielding various plastic toy guns which became the basis of Doom's weapons, Tom Hall's girlfriend's Eager Beaver chainsaw, a pair of snake skin boots, and a bloody scab on Kevin's knee - the latter two became parts of various wall textures." If you are interested in the making of Doom and the history of id software I can't recommend the book Masters of Doom enough. I never realized those spider masterminds had hands. It must suck to have an itch I did not know this, wow! That mane tho Thanks for sharing this, pretty cool! This is often done in animation, but more as a reference model than an actual product that gets photographed. If you want to know more: John Carmack created a program called "Fuzzy Pumper Pallete Shop" which the artists used to manipulate video of the models. From the DoomWik: "This program was initially used by Adrian Carmack to capture the eight needed rotation frames of his hand-sculpted clay models. The model would be placed inside a brightly lit white box on a rotating modeling stand and then captured through video into the program. The resulting images were "distorted,"[1] and in substantial need of touch-ups. When the clay modeling process proved too slow to be practical, the program still proved itself useful for capturing images of the metal-and-latex miniatures created by Gregor Punchatz. Other items captured included shots of Kevin Cloud wielding various plastic toy guns which became the basis of Doom's weapons, Tom Hall's girlfriend's Eager Beaver chainsaw, a pair of snake skin boots, and a bloody scab on Kevin's knee - the latter two became parts of various wall textures." If you are interested in the making of Doom and the history of id software I can't recommend the book Masters of Doom enough. So, Kiby's made of clay, Yoshi's made of yarn, Mario's made of paper... has someone at Nintendo accidentally locked themselves in an arts and crafts store and this is their way of asking for help? We need a tin toy zelda game Actually, Yoshi has a game where he is made of wool (Yoshi's Wooly World), and Kirby had the game where he was yarn (Kirby's Epic Yarn). We need a tin toy zelda game Actually, Yoshi has a game where he is made of wool (Yoshi's Wooly World), and Kirby had the game where he was yarn (Kirby's Epic Yarn). When I first got my N64 the only two games I had for so long were Mario 64 and Clayfighter. I put so many hours into Clay Fighter do you still have the 64 version? worth a penny now I believe Just checked it on Amazon. Pretty cheap if you don't care about the box or the special edition. Special edition is $3000 with the box. I'm not sure if I should pick up the SNES or the 64 version though. The sculptors cut was exclusive to blockbuster. I have the Sculptor's Cut version. Don't have the box, unfortunately. I had no idea what it was worth until recently! Clay fighter was the fucking tits Let's get ready to cruuumble! God I miss that game First thing I thought of....Bad Mr. Frosty 4 lyfe Git em kitty! Clayfighter was awesome! Hell yes. I remember my uncle getting me that for my birthday and how pissed my mother was. Good times. Wow! Thanks for Platypus I totally forgot about this game and I played it alot long time ago! Never had clayfighters but I had biofreaks. I remember it being awesome. It's not:( do you still have the 64 version? worth a penny now I believe Just checked it on Amazon. Pretty cheap if you don't care about the box or the special edition. Special edition is $3000 with the box. I'm not sure if I should pick up the SNES or the 64 version though. The sculptors cut was exclusive to blockbuster. I have the Sculptor's Cut version. Don't have the box, unfortunately. I had no idea what it was worth until recently! Clay fighter was the fucking tits Let's get ready to cruuumble! God I miss that game Just checked it on Amazon. Pretty cheap if you don't care about the box or the special edition. Special edition is $3000 with the box. I'm not sure if I should pick up the SNES or the 64 version though. The sculptors cut was exclusive to blockbuster. I have the Sculptor's Cut version. Don't have the box, unfortunately. I had no idea what it was worth until recently! The sculptors cut was exclusive to blockbuster. I have the Sculptor's Cut version. Don't have the box, unfortunately. I had no idea what it was worth until recently! I have the Sculptor's Cut version. Don't have the box, unfortunately. I had no idea what it was worth until recently! Let's get ready to cruuumble! God I miss that game Git em kitty! Hell yes. I remember my uncle getting me that for my birthday and how pissed my mother was. Good times. Whaaaaaat, I had no idea that was the case! I haven't finished the game but came atleast halfway before real life interrupted me! Clay Jam! It was actually pretty good for a mobile game It's incredible, and you can still download it today, at least on Android. It's incredible, and you can still download it today, at least on Android. Came here to say this! For those who don't know, it's really cool because people can join the game with a smartphone as their controller. I believe you can even play 2 players using just one keyboard, or you can also add players using their phone as a controller (if they get the app which is pretty small I think). So it's kind of a cool idea; you can use a laptop and get a sweet party game going wherever. I've used it a couple times with my team on road trips. You mean Claymates? I'd definitely contribute to a crowdsourcing campaign. As long as I can just hit a button to donate and that's the end of it. Even if a full game doesn't get made it would be worth it as long as he releases tonnes of new animations. I've been burned a few times getting too personally involved in online creative investments and find the best way is to just donate a hundred bucks and forget about it for a year and hope you're pleasantly surprised. Otherwise you find yourself refreshing updates 10 times a day and getting way too stressed out and it just takes over your life. Its a bit like when you decide to buy bitcoins locally instead of through an exchange. You message a few people trying to get the best rate and you've finally got 3 who offer you a 5 percent markup. One guy offers a case of homemade port wine as part of the deal and that seals it. You meet of at his gorgeous country estate, give him your address 17q4HGtQSjuthrqWMsPzshyoNKkpmKRyrK and it clears in 10 minutes and you toast each other with a shot of port. The next thing you know you awake in a beautifully furnished but unfamiliar room. You get up and look for the door but find their isn't one. Just then your twin sister groggily comes too and as you lock eyes you hear a voice come over the intercom telling you not to worry. He's going to let you leave but you must pass a simple test, from a standing position you must ejaculate with enough force to touch the ceiling. You nervously laugh and tell him this is funny and all but just let us leave. Suddenly a computerized female voice intones "26" and you hear a moaning of gears and in an instant the walls contract 3 inches on both sides. Hahaha this isn't funny....silence. 3 hours later the voice intones "25" and the room contracts again. Jesus christ, realizing this lunatic is for real you tell your sister to hide her head under her pillow as you open up your laptop and search for "maria ozawa english interview" on youtube. You watch her done up in a classy dress talking about how shes having so much fun doing tv in indonesia and loves her fans, plus some random broll of her on set in between takes laughing with the camera man, you get a crush on her and almost forget the extreme porn she did before going to asiamoviepass and watching the high def preview of her "dream girlfriends" 30 guy bukkake scene and start furiously jacking off as if your life literally depended on it. You time your ejaculation to the exact height of arousal and see your sister hopefully poke a hopeful eye out of her pillow to spy on your ejaculations trajectory. At first there's hope but it stalls 2 feet short before glumly raining down on the marble floor. Over the next 3 days you try every combination of pornography and dark erotic fantasy you can conjure, you even try jumping off the bed as you ejaculate before a voice screams NO!!!! And the female voice intones 17 11 as the room contracts almost 2 feet. Food has been dropped through a hole in the ceiling this time and has enabled you to recover enough to continue ejaculating but by now your room has shrunken from a spacious hotel room to a room young Harry Potter would have found cramped. as the voice now intones "3" Your sister has long since stopped hiding her head and has instead been watching your beat off with intense hope, though you tried to hide it, you've become involuntarily aroused by her attention and even came within 7 inches of the ceiling once. But 7 inches seems like 7 miles and you've now switched from porn to tentacle hentai in a last ditch effort. You're staring intently at the protaganist being penetraded every possible way in the second episode of Angel Blade before a hand reaches out and shuts the laptop screen as another hand grabs your penis. You gasp and nearly ejaculate right there as tears fill your eyes and you shake your head "sis no, no!" It's ok, I'm your sister. I'm your sister, I AM YOUR SISTER. Tears fill her eyes too as she kneels and places your balls in her mouth and she removes her shirt and places your hand on her breast as her eyes beckon towards the ceiling. Your horror gives way to pure pleasure and you feel an intense wave relief "we're going to live".... When you try to tell people to be wary about crowdfunding and then break out into a bitcoin-buying-gone-wrong-now-it's-about-incest story. I laughed, I cried, I came. BITCOIN GONE WRONG. GONE SEXUAL. u/hobdobbly has the best comment history That man is on a mission for gold I skipped to the last paragraph when I saw how long this was. Definitely missed something important. You sure did. I had to read it twice through and am still not sure where it went so wrong What? My boner is confused beat it bro Hey you, quit yappin' and keep fappin'! Cum on the ceiling too /r/wincest I hate when that happens Man, don't you hate when you're tryna get some bitcoins and then your sister starts jerkin your gerkin? Dude what the fuck Yeah, it's a bit like that I agree This...things like this is why reddit is amazing I don't know about you, but I just hit the ceiling. I'm pretty sure this qualifies for /r/bestof but I'm not certain.... How it went from donations to incest is beyond me What did i just read. Either a copy-pasta, or the birth of a copy-pasta. I'd definitely contribute to a crowdsourcing campaign. As long as I can just hit a button to donate and that's the end of it. Even if a full game doesn't get made it would be worth it as long as he releases tonnes of new animations. I've been burned a few times getting too personally involved in online creative investments and find the best way is to just donate a hundred bucks and forget about it for a year and hope you're pleasantly surprised. Otherwise you find yourself refreshing updates 10 times a day and getting way too stressed out and it just takes over your life. Everyone is talking about the weirdness of everything after this bit, but this is absolutely excellent advice for backing Kickstarters. If you find a KS that looks good and think the devs can deliver (be sure to research first!), donate and then just forget about it. You'll either be pleasantly surprised when it finishes or disappointed when it doesn't, but at least you won't be stressed. Yeah, that's..... That's good advice. It's the rest of it that's the worrying part. r/jesuschristreddit Hey man, that's what its like being at the frontline of economic development in an ever more globalized society This is the greatest thing I'll read today. How about all week? I also just read the Anne Frank Prego Porn parody...that was better...but GOD DAMN reddit internet in general, what is wrong with you? Return of Bozarking! Dude what the fuck? That was awesome I looked the about the first two sentences and then skipped to the bottom. I am never going to read the rest so i shall forever be confused. And wonder how it got there. Come on... did you write this yourself or is this just some pasta ?? If not pasta, someone fucking give him his gold already I aspire to write biblical prophecies such as this. My username is relevant! This was fucking amazing. However, I'm not sure what's more frightening.. The fact that this is your imagination or the fact that you actually took the time to write it out. Either way, I am in awe. ok. what just happened? The fuck? Wow. Saved. To people in this thread, this guy's post history is a goldmine/shitshow, depending on your sense of humor. Problem is, it would take hours and hundred of dollars to render each frame. Sounds like a job for Amazon's Mechanical Turk. When you try to tell people to be wary about crowdfunding and then break out into a bitcoin-buying-gone-wrong-now-it's-about-incest story. I laughed, I cried, I came. BITCOIN GONE WRONG. GONE SEXUAL. u/hobdobbly has the best comment history That man is on a mission for gold I skipped to the last paragraph when I saw how long this was. Definitely missed something important. You sure did. I had to read it twice through and am still not sure where it went so wrong What? My boner is confused beat it bro Hey you, quit yappin' and keep fappin'! Cum on the ceiling too /r/wincest I hate when that happens Man, don't you hate when you're tryna get some bitcoins and then your sister starts jerkin your gerkin? Dude what the fuck Yeah, it's a bit like that I agree This...things like this is why reddit is amazing I don't know about you, but I just hit the ceiling. I'm pretty sure this qualifies for /r/bestof but I'm not certain.... How it went from donations to incest is beyond me What did i just read. Either a copy-pasta, or the birth of a copy-pasta. I'd definitely contribute to a crowdsourcing campaign. As long as I can just hit a button to donate and that's the end of it. Even if a full game doesn't get made it would be worth it as long as he releases tonnes of new animations. I've been burned a few times getting too personally involved in online creative investments and find the best way is to just donate a hundred bucks and forget about it for a year and hope you're pleasantly surprised. Otherwise you find yourself refreshing updates 10 times a day and getting way too stressed out and it just takes over your life. Everyone is talking about the weirdness of everything after this bit, but this is absolutely excellent advice for backing Kickstarters. If you find a KS that looks good and think the devs can deliver (be sure to research first!), donate and then just forget about it. You'll either be pleasantly surprised when it finishes or disappointed when it doesn't, but at least you won't be stressed. Yeah, that's..... That's good advice. It's the rest of it that's the worrying part. r/jesuschristreddit Hey man, that's what its like being at the frontline of economic development in an ever more globalized society This is the greatest thing I'll read today. How about all week? I also just read the Anne Frank Prego Porn parody...that was better...but GOD DAMN reddit internet in general, what is wrong with you? Return of Bozarking! Dude what the fuck? That was awesome I looked the about the first two sentences and then skipped to the bottom. I am never going to read the rest so i shall forever be confused. And wonder how it got there. Come on... did you write this yourself or is this just some pasta ?? If not pasta, someone fucking give him his gold already I aspire to write biblical prophecies such as this. My username is relevant! This was fucking amazing. However, I'm not sure what's more frightening.. The fact that this is your imagination or the fact that you actually took the time to write it out. Either way, I am in awe. ok. what just happened? The fuck? Wow. Saved. To people in this thread, this guy's post history is a goldmine/shitshow, depending on your sense of humor. I laughed, I cried, I came. BITCOIN GONE WRONG. GONE SEXUAL. u/hobdobbly has the best comment history That man is on a mission for gold That man is on a mission for gold You sure did. I had to read it twice through and am still not sure where it went so wrong My boner is confused beat it bro Hey you, quit yappin' and keep fappin'! Cum on the ceiling too /r/wincest beat it bro Hey you, quit yappin' and keep fappin'! Cum on the ceiling too /r/wincest Hey you, quit yappin' and keep fappin'! Cum on the ceiling too Man, don't you hate when you're tryna get some bitcoins and then your sister starts jerkin your gerkin? Either a copy-pasta, or the birth of a copy-pasta. Yeah, that's..... That's good advice. It's the rest of it that's the worrying part. How about all week? I also just read the Anne Frank Prego Porn parody...that was better...but GOD DAMN reddit internet in general, what is wrong with you? Hah, of course it's by Lee Hardcastle. The guy is awesome. Yeah, I guessed as much as soon as I saw it. If it's claymation and it's disgustingly violent, it's gotta be Lee Hardcastle. I have no idea how that guy cranks this stuff out, either. He's a beast. Have you seen his video for NIGHTMARE? His stuff can get a bit cartoonish at times (intentionally so, I guess), but this one's just excellent. Whoah. That was something else. Check out this one. Always been my favorite. Although all the videos he's done is worth checking out. https://youtu.be/y_z3EBalwI4 mew mew... MEW MEW! Thank you Yeah, I guessed as much as soon as I saw it. If it's claymation and it's disgustingly violent, it's gotta be Lee Hardcastle. I have no idea how that guy cranks this stuff out, either. He's a beast. Have you seen his video for NIGHTMARE? His stuff can get a bit cartoonish at times (intentionally so, I guess), but this one's just excellent. Whoah. That was something else. Check out this one. Always been my favorite. Although all the videos he's done is worth checking out. https://youtu.be/y_z3EBalwI4 Have you seen his video for NIGHTMARE? His stuff can get a bit cartoonish at times (intentionally so, I guess), but this one's just excellent. Whoah. That was something else. Whoah. That was something else. He originally made "Pingu's The Thing" but the copyright holders for Pingu made him take it down. He also made Frozen The Thing which has been around reddit before. He does good work. But godddamn, if that Simpsons one didn't leave me sick to my stomach. Simpsons couch gag Warning: you think it sounds silly and everyone are just overreacting for the karma. But they're not. Im not going to lie. When i saw that, i felt some of my humanity leave. Am I just dead inside, or was that not as bad as everyone seems to think it is Did nothing for me. Couldn't even get hard. 0/10. Well why the hell did I watch that?! My damned curiosity got the better of me and I regret it. That was awful! I'm assuming it's NSFW It's soft emotional music played over legitimately disturbing gore. So, yes. A simpsons snuff film. Ah fuck. I can't believe you've done this. Classic Chief Wiggum! There is no unseeing that I knew this reminded me of that for a reason. Not much horror stuff really rattles me, but that fucked me up for the night. I've never seen The Thing (saw the prequel though) but I vividly remember the first time watching Claycat's version and being deeply disturbed by the scene where three of them are tied up and one is revealed to be the thing. Holy shit, that would be insane to be tied up to someone and find out that they're a monster! The movie is really good, and horrifying. The mutation effects are extremely well done, along with great scene writing like the one you described. Do yourself a favor and give it a watch sometime, if you can stomach the psychological gore horror. You should see The Thing. It is fantastic; way better than the prequel Yeah I heard, and I'm always down to watch whatever Kurt Russell is starring in. I guess I'll just wait until it's on Netflix again. You should watch the original then. That's the best scene. Oh yea! He's the guy who made one of my favourite music videos https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0WLFpIQ0o0 edit: this one started playing while I was posting. It's actually fucking awesome: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71xpQUFgk_k Not to mention this wicked music video for Gunship - Tech Noir. Now I have to go watch The Raid again. I recommend that movie to everyone and they look at me like I'm retarded or soemthing. They have no taste I guess. Simpsons couch gag Warning: you think it sounds silly and everyone are just overreacting for the karma. But they're not. Im not going to lie. When i saw that, i felt some of my humanity leave. Am I just dead inside, or was that not as bad as everyone seems to think it is Did nothing for me. Couldn't even get hard. 0/10. Well why the hell did I watch that?! My damned curiosity got the better of me and I regret it. That was awful! I'm assuming it's NSFW It's soft emotional music played over legitimately disturbing gore. So, yes. A simpsons snuff film. Ah fuck. I can't believe you've done this. Classic Chief Wiggum! There is no unseeing that I knew this reminded me of that for a reason. Not much horror stuff really rattles me, but that fucked me up for the night. Warning: you think it sounds silly and everyone are just overreacting for the karma. But they're not. Im not going to lie. When i saw that, i felt some of my humanity leave. Am I just dead inside, or was that not as bad as everyone seems to think it is Did nothing for me. Couldn't even get hard. 0/10. Well why the hell did I watch that?! My damned curiosity got the better of me and I regret it. That was awful! I'm assuming it's NSFW It's soft emotional music played over legitimately disturbing gore. So, yes. A simpsons snuff film. Ah fuck. I can't believe you've done this. Classic Chief Wiggum! Im not going to lie. When i saw that, i felt some of my humanity leave. Am I just dead inside, or was that not as bad as everyone seems to think it is Did nothing for me. Couldn't even get hard. 0/10. Did nothing for me. Couldn't even get hard. 0/10. I'm assuming it's NSFW It's soft emotional music played over legitimately disturbing gore. So, yes. A simpsons snuff film. It's soft emotional music played over legitimately disturbing gore. So, yes. The movie is really good, and horrifying. The mutation effects are extremely well done, along with great scene writing like the one you described. Do yourself a favor and give it a watch sometime, if you can stomach the psychological gore horror. You should see The Thing. It is fantastic; way better than the prequel Yeah I heard, and I'm always down to watch whatever Kurt Russell is starring in. I guess I'll just wait until it's on Netflix again. You should watch the original then. That's the best scene. Yeah I heard, and I'm always down to watch whatever Kurt Russell is starring in. I guess I'll just wait until it's on Netflix again. Rip and tear, Gromit! Doughn't tempt me, OP Now that's a name I haven't heard in years HEY DAVEEEE YOU GONNA EAT THAT SALAD? This is the tragedy of war. Chimps are smart as fuck but at the end of the day they still gotta wear diapers. Plus I heard they can lose their temper and beat the shit out of you with their super monkey strength They'll pull your dick off like it was a piece of melted cheese hanging off your tuna melt. So elegant. That's what you get for sticking your banana in a chimpanzee's tuna melt I suppose Hell, I'd have the same reaction I read that as you would have the same erection. I'd have the same erection Yeah but unless you're a muscle man you couldn't casually pull off a guy's dick. Trust me, it's harder then you'd think. Edit: lol at downvotes, why would you even bother? Yup, I tell every hooker if they can rip my dick off with their bare hands I'd pay them a million dollars. Haven't had to pay any hooker for their services to this day. And you got an inch or two extra now too bro. Yep, it's now 3 inches long. And 1/4 inch around. Well that's why, they can't get a good grip on it. Well then you'd still have _2Million left. Some dude should donate their body to medical science and, if he dies when he's still young and healthy with intact genitals, we should hook their cadaver up to a stress-testing machine and find out exactly how much force it takes. Sometimes my roommate will casually show me how far he can pull his... That's called wanking, mate /r/nocontext Dare I say /r/evenwithcontext ! (should i actually post there?) You mean eloquent. Don't you tell him how to live his life Throw it in the tall grass never to be seen again That big bright red booty Do you know how long it took me to train this monkey to suck my dick...without peeling it?? You can keep fuckin these people if you want. More. Monkey. Pussy. For me! Daquq did I just read? https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=P21-iJk4qQc Here you go. Thanks for the reference! No problem! That's all I fuck is chimps and orangutanssssss Mo monkey pussy for me! Chim chim jacked me off with her feet last night. Only a monkey can you show that kind of affection. Im hooking up with an orangutan next week. That's all I fuck just chimps and orangutans. Ima stay home with chimchim You know how long it took to train this monkey to suck my dick.. without peeling it Why would you peel a monkey? [deleted] they naturally attack your face, digits and genitals first That's the part that I think is scary, a person will beat you but probably won't kill without good reason, an ape will cause permanent debilitating damage. It's probably reasonable to assume humans were as instinctively barbaric at some point as well. well it depends on if they're fighting to establish social relationships or fighting to kill same with us This. An unarmed human male fighting for his life is a MONUMENTAL threat. Even with no training, humans can do pretty insane damage with their fists and feet, not to mention biting. Human bites are absolutely nightmarish. Our bite force is among the strongest in the whole animal kingdom, especially when compared to the size of our teeth. We can easily eviscerate big chunks of flesh and do permanent damage with a bite. In hand-to-hand combat, most soldiers are trained to kill with what amounts to a two-strike procedure. One move to get the opponent onto the ground, then another move (be it an elbow, a weapon blow, or a boot to the neck). This can seem exaggerated when you see people training or sparring, but that's only because the adrenaline isn't flowing to its fullest extent. In the real, actual fight-or-else-your-opponenent-WILL-KILL-YOU scenario, an average human male WILL be capable of killing just like that. This is so true and nice to see on here. Most men on reddit probably haven't pushed their body to see what they're actually capable of (I really recommend it, that Socrates quote "it is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable" comes to mind). Human males are capable of being really deadly in a number of ways without any weapons. Even in professional MMA fights you occasionally see someone's skull get crushed by a knee by accident. Or look at a typical submission - if they were fighting to the death their opponent would either be dead or have something broken. This is exactly the type of stuff I was thinking about, when I was restraining myself from typing a giant wall of text. XD I think another prime example is to be found in the known activities of WW2 era spec-ops servicemen. Guys in the commandos/SAS/OSS/non-crappy-resistance-units were capable of killing sentries with terrifying speed and efficiency. It's the single most realistic thing about any war movie, as long as they don't go in for that weird two-hands-on-the-head-neck-snap move that I don't think is a real thing anywhere. Prison fights are another instance where we can see how quickly a male human can kill another male human. In a high-security prison, you'll have mere seconds before people are on you, tazing you or shooting you or clubbing you...and yet prison murders are not at all uncommon. I think realizing just how easy it is, physically, to take a life is important too. If you're in New York walking down a crowded street any person who felt like it could shank you, end your life right there without so much as an explanation. That little old lady down the street? She could pull out a revolver and cap your ass tomorrow. That old man you gave the finger for driving 20 in a 30? He could swerve over and put you in the wall. The little girl next door could set your house on fire while you sleep. That sort of power really shows you the fragility of life and the futility of paranoia People don't realize that anyone with a knife can kill you. Like anyone. it takes barely any force to break human skin and even children can push with enough force to sink a sharp knife into your stomach, thigh, neck. Without medical attention these places are death sentences. Depends on what you clsssify as neck snap. If it's the old "tiny twitch and dead" then yeah, it's unrealistic. If, however, it's a proper twist diagonally up and back, then it's definitely a thing. Fuck yeah. This is why I love going to the gym in short fuckin shorts, loading up 450, and squatting to depth until my nugs pop out. I scream and stare at my veiny quads as I arise from my 3 feet below parallel squat and bust a nut all over the mirror Where do you get your drugs from because I want some of that shit. I like the part where you busted a nut For real. For 99% of us, our mind is the greatest limiter, only allowing us paltry displays of our awesome power. For people who learn to work through the mental blocks, their body is capable of unbelievable strengths. After listening to a Navy Seal describe how our mind constantly prevents us from achieving, I've begun working through my own mental blocks while working out and it's a truly awesome display of power. My mantra becomes, "My body will fail before my mind does". You can keep going until your body breaks down, so you have to be really in tune with yourself as to avoid injury. Well humans are a threat when we have a weapon but unarmed we're not that dangerous to other big mammals really. There was a story about this MMA fighter who got attacked by a juvenile chimp... This dude could barely keep a baby chimp at bay and he's in the top 1 percent of humans in hand to hand combat. We are without a doubt the most dangerous and deadly animal on the planet but it is because of our huge brains, creativity, and grasping hands. I hate to be that guy but quick FYI; while I agree with everything you said, eviscerate means to disembowel, the word you're looking for is gouge. While I agree that people have strong bites, I don't think we're capable of disembowelment from a single bite (although that would be a sight to see...) God you made me think of the scene in Saving Private Ryan where the Jewish guy is in hand to hand with the German and he bites his hand and blood comes pouring out. Makes me fucking cringe Uh a chimp could kick a humans ass any day of the week. Humans cant do much when their eyeballs are being eaten. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t1DG-37QhM8 Our bite force is 120 psi, that's nowhere near the strongest, lions are 600, crocodiles are 2,500. You missed your chance to say "an ape will go apeshit". When we organized LARP events, we stopped giving full costumes with masks to our "actors". The players would go crazy and hit only the hands, crotch and face. Usually, they would hit the arms and legs when fighting humans. That's actually really interesting. What were the costumes of? If i feel threatened by an other human being and i come to the conclusion that it's me or him... you can rest assured im a punch him in the throat or dick until I feel safe. Sure, but that's still a far cry from the Chimps. Unless you are using your hands, nails, and teeth to rip off his genitals, bite off his fingers, and tear out his eyes and nose you aren't quite as bad. We will punch until we feel safe, they will rip and tear until their opponent stops moving. So they're exactly like humans only stronger. They're like primitive humans with retard strength Retard Strength=10x stronger than average male. Primate= 10-20x stronger than average male Retarded Primate= Incredible fucking Hulk This is the secret to the Saiyan's power. But, in most cases, dumber too. I guess you're new here. Welcome to the internet. I used to work retail and I have to respectfully disagree. As a human being, I have to agree too Did you just.... Agree to disagree? Puts on sunglasses while won't get fooled again plays Sometimes I wonder though... Eh, 50/50 Idk about that. Have you been paying attention to humanity this year? Hey now. Chimps didn't elect Donald Trump. they're twice as strong as humans when adjusted for body weight so a smaller chimp isn't much stronger than a healthy, athletic male. http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/science/2009/02/how_strong_is_a_chimpanzee.html But the "five times" figure was refuted 20 years after Bauman's experiments. In 1943, Glen Finch of the Yale primate laboratory rigged an apparatus to test the arm strength of eight captive chimpanzees. An adult male chimp, he found, pulled about the same weight as an adult man. Once he'd corrected the measurement for their smaller body sizes, chimpanzees did turn out to be stronger than humans—but not by a factor of five or anything close to it. Sweet. I'm gonna go find a chimp that's just under half my size and kick the shit out of it. That should keep them in line for a bit. Well, their threshold for what wouod be the human equivalent of "snapping" is far lower to non-existent. The difference here is gigantic, actually, because animals don't waste time realizing a threat. One has to put into consideration that most people (in the western world at least) are quite... let's say soft ... which can be a huge disadvantage when shit hits the fan. People usually don't go all-in, because they don't want to hurt someone due to the unnatural fear of physical pain, which means someone who lacks this fear will have a huge advantage over most people, no matter the situation. You can reason with a human, but a chimp.... Have you tried reasoning with some people? I want you look at Bonobos it'd scary how close they are to humans I saw a bunch just lying down and it looked like one of them was telling the others a joke. Fuck that. I'll throw a left hook and a straight right at that mother fucker if he comes at me. That chimp will do nuttin' Pull it off and throw it in the tall grass never to be seen again. r/nocontext It's easier to imagine when you see how ripped they are under that hair. Wow they're basically Orcs My god, you're right Shit that's terrifying. Now we just need to paint them green and give them guns. ERE WE GO BOYZ! WAAAAAAGH!!! I think you mean give them the blood of a demon. I think they look more like Warhammer orcs than Warcraft orcs. I'd rather have both though. RED, GOES FASTA! ME GO FACE? YUP Uruk-hai* This is the first time I've seen something like that, and all I have to say is What The Fuck... A majority of animals look pretty horrifying without hair Like bears, which you could be forgiven for mistaking for a chupacabra or something if you ran into one at night. Honestly, I'd say that the bear seems less intimidating without fur. It kind of looks lost and confused. It kind of looks lost and confused. Me too, thanks. TIL a bare bear kind of looks lost and confused. Which ought to make it more terrifying if it becomes aggressive. Imagine that thing just roaring, its face turning into angry expression, and starts running towards you to mall you to death. My mom tried to mall me to death when I was a kid. We were there for hours. I survived though so it can't be that bad. Looks like a kangaroo and an elephant had a baby. "Elephino!" elarooooooooooo Thats no bear son, that's a yaoguai There is a disappointingly small number of pictures of other hairless animals. I had seen the chimps and bear, really wanted to see a hairless tiger or wolf. Be the change you want to see in the world. Battery powered hair clippers and a ghillie suit aren't all that expensive. Just be good at grappling. Yep. That's enough Reddit for today. Am I the only one who thinks we should open a Chimpanzee Gym and dedicate science to see just exactly how swole we can get these m8? I think because of genetis, chimps won't get much bigger than they already are. Muscle is very expensive when it comes to survival, it takes calories to sustain, but muscle, in regards to a chimp is also required for survival. Therefore, the baseline they have is near to their genetic max already. Human brains takes up a lot more calories than a chimp (25% vs 8%). Our genetics dictates that muscle is not needed for survival since we can make tools and don't need strength to survive, which is why our muscular baseline is not quite as high. Instead, more calories is used to fuel our very expensive brains. Now, put us in a gym with a caloric surplus, and the body will give the OK to build muscle. Do the same to a chimp and??? It'd be interesting, but I don't think they'd get bigger. Sounds right but I don't know enough about chimps to disagree Neither do I. I'm just a layman who's thought about this too much. Might be very very wrong. I mean im sure they could feed them steroids and shit too. True. With gear they'd definitly get bigger, no doubt. OINK. if im understanding this correctly, THEY WOULD BE ABLE TO GET SMARTER! If chimps in a gym makes them smarter, do chimps in a school get fucking jacked? Put one on a high dose of testosterone and hgh and igf-1 as well as a very big caloric surplus and I'm sure they will get crazy hooge and unbelievably strong. But of course this is highly dangerous for the chimp and its handlers, as well as extremely unethical. You forgot the 3 scoops of mutant whey. Gotta leave chimpmanity behind Then make them fuck a grapefruit. Don't forget the gnar pump Sounds like the words of someone who doesn't even fucking lift brah. I hear they're prime m8s Didn't expect to see Monkey nuts today... You've been on Reddit for two years now. Let's be honest, you've long given up expecting anything whatsoever. Yeah, you're right... Well, technically you saw ape nuts. The day isn't over though. Not only are the muscular as hell, but each pound of muscle on a chimp provides quite a bit more strength than each pound of muscle in a human. Really gives you perspective. It's like retard strength x10. It's not the muscles themselves so much as the way their nervous system works. Human beings have a lot of fine muscle control (which is why we can do things like brain surgery or other delicate work) and this means that we don't engage all of our muscles to the max when we move our bodies. Chimps on the other hand, don't have this fine degree of control, so their movements engage more muscles all the time (as a side note, it's also very energy inefficient, but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are). If you ever lift weights, or weight train, a lot of your "gainz" actually don't come from just building more muscle mass, but also neurological training - literally training your body to engage more muscles and shift/move the weight better when you engage. An average person can usually increase how much weight they can lift by 50% to 100% within 2-3 months from starting from scratch and that doesn't mean they doubled their muscle, just that they mostly trained their bodies to use the muscles they do have. Aye, that's what I meant with more strength pound for pound. They have greater access to it! but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are No they aren't. they are simply a different branch along the evolutionary timeline. The traits that the chimps evolution favored were muscle and environmental versatility. They evolved to live in the wild, we evolved to live in a society where we push nature away, instead of live alongside it, like chimps. If a chimp, and yourself we both cast out naked in the middle of wilderness, I guarantee that the chimp would last longer than you. Making you the less fit one for that environment. and from an outside observer, that would make the chimp look "more evolved" Human with or without survival training? ... lower down the evolutionary scale than we are. I just want to point out real quick that this is a misleading way to phrase this. Chimps, along with all other currently living organisms on earth have evolved for the same time as us. There's also no single metric for progress or success in evolution. The reason I take this up is that many people who don't believe in evolution seem to share a misunderstanding that the theory of evolution suggests that Man has evolved from chimpanzees, who evolved from some other currently living ape, and that so it goes, from most complex animal to the simplest one. Chimps don't have worse fine motor skills than us because they're behind us, they just specialized in other stuff (like ripping the balls of the other animals). but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are. It's a very human-centric view to think that we're more evolved than another animal. Evolution pushes organisms towards being good at living (and reproducing) in whatever environment they happen to find themselves in. Intelligence and fine motor control are certainly useful evolutionary strategies, but really any trait that keeps you from being dead is a valid strategy. There isn't a perfect form that all life is evolving towards. Evolution pushes organisms towards being good at living (and reproducing) in whatever environment they happen to find themselves in So, basically adapt to reproduce and keep the species alive? Well, we could wipe out all chimps, but they could not wipe us out. Does this not mean we have superior survival capabilities? It's a very human-centric view to think that we're more evolved than another animal. I know, it's species-ist of me. I fully expect the Social Justice Primates to call me out on Twitter for my hate speech. Prejudice aside, it's also an unscientific view. There is no thing as an evolutionary scale or an evolutionary level. Every species is equally as "evolved" as every other one, in that there is no quantifiable metric for evolution at all. It describes a continuous process, not a degree of progress. Well considering we are able to debate these things with people across the planet instantaneously using electrical signals, and chimps are kept in cages and throw shit at each other, I think we are a bit higher up on the scale (if there was one). We're smarter, yes, but we're both equally evolved. Phrasing the question in terms of the degree of evolution is a misstatement. It's not un PC, it's actually wrong I heard somewhere it had to do with the structure of their muscle fibers? Something like the longer the muscle fibers are the less controll but more power they have? Maybe opposite? Hmm idk looking up apes and monkeys for the rest of the night! Which is why we have the occasional "man on pcp lifts car" story. Makes sense. They're probably around 10x more retarded. Wait a second... how do you know a retard's strength x10 that of a human. Have you fought with a retard that was 10 times your strength or have you fought with 10 retards at once? I can tell you that a retard's strength is 10.786 times that of a human. Source: Am Retard You sure are the fuck? http://i.imgur.com/bFu75.gif That looks frightening. Imagine falling into that pit. No harambes there. I don't understand how anyone can deny humans are related to these guys. I don't want to turn this into any sort of a debate (but this is Reddit, I'm preaching the choir I'm sure), but they're almost disturbingly human. Now I miss Harambe again. Why do they all look like they've suffered an anal prolapse? Hello! Thank you for subscribing to Chimp facts! Did you know.... An aggressive Chimpanzee will bite or tear off a prey or an aggressors digits, genitalia, and eyes first to disable them for the kill? SSsscary! This has happened to many people NSFL. Don't pretend they are pets and you'll be alright. Have a nice day! Subscribe Thank you for unsubscribing to Chimp Facts oh my god it happened Thank you for subscribing to God facts!!! Unsubscribe Thank you for your subscription of chimp facts, did you know that no chimps were harmed in the hollocaust? hollocaust really? Hollo, it's me I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet his nose and mouth were ripped off, an eye was gouged out, his left foot was mangled and most of his fingers and buttocks were devoured. oh. A bloody chimp ate me fockin arse m8 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) All the important bits A trauma center can tell you no to services? He nearly bled to death three times as two hospitals denied him entry Denied him entry? Wtf? Denied just means they tell him they aren't equipped to treat him. It means you will die here, get your ass to a trauma center. Do they help him get to a trauma center? Like with an ambulance and stuff? I'm sure they would if they had one. Not all hospitals have a dispatch. Also for all we know they might have stopped at an outpatient clinic or an urgent care center. Cmon now, i doubt someone who keeps a chimp as a pet would be so stupid as to not head stright for a trauma center after suffering trauma 1) He was at a wildlife refuge when he was attacked. 2) He no longer owned the chimp. 3) It wasn't his previously owned chimp that attacked him. That's more WTF than what the chimps did. The only thing I can think of that might make it justifiable (maybe) would be if the first two hospitals simply didn't have the appropriate facilities or staffing. They do mention that he was taken by a trauma center. But even then... it's understandable tho, he was bleeding all over their clean floor. Presumably didn't want the death to count against their stats Edit: this is a gaming joke all bout that k/d baby The locally famous chimp allegedly bit a woman who stuck her finger in his cage in 1999 and had to be removed to an animal sanctuary WTF? Why do people think it's okay to put their fingers in a chimp cage? And then why do they decide to move him to an animal sanctuary? Those animals are smart as hell and obviously bonded with the family. That's like pulling a child out of its family's home and moving it into an orphanage. Fucked up, all because some bitch thought she could put her finger in the cage and couldn't deal with the consequence. See: Harambe "I remember hearing someone say, 'Might as well just take him to the coroner's office,'" Oh, fuck that. I wonder if the owners of this chimp with the HTC Vive think theirs is incapable of such rage. Chimps belong in the wild, not a fucking living room. Bonobo's FTW. They'll just have sex with you if issues arise. He said his New Year's resolution was to stop crying and get out of the house every week. /r/meirl Oh fuck STOP. beat the shit out of you with their super monkey strength I saw a few films about that. Scary shit. James Franco was in one. In this world gone mad, we won't spank the monkey- the monkey will spank us. And after the fall of man, these monkey fucks'll start wearing our clothes and rebuilding the world in their image. Oh and only those as super smart as me will be left alive to bitterly cry - you maniacs! Damn yous! Goddamn yous all to hell! YOU ARE THE ONES WHO ARE THE BALL LICKERS! There was a video by someone semi famous I remember..he was talking about the time a friends chimp attacked him and it messed him up. He ended up pile driving the chimp on its skull before it submitted. Then it was on the couch eating cereal Found it. Great story https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=udGAapx7Gok Actual story begins at 0:52—quite a lengthy intro! Nice! That guy is a genuine badass [deleted] Chimps are smart as fuck but at the end of the day they still gotta wear diapers Same goes for Stephen Hawking but I don't see you dismissing him with that same statement. u underestimate my ignorance <3 you Stephen Hawking is smart as fuck but at the end of the day he still gotta wear diapers Ape Yeah, they can be pretty dangerous https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Travis_(chimpanzee) If it is a female chimp the chances of this is low. If it is male things like that can happen It'll be socially screwed and left rocking back and forth in a sanctuary somewhere one day when this idiot realises an adult chimp is something that might just kill you. It'll be socially screwed and left rocking back and forth in a sanctuary somewhere one day when this idiot realises an adult chimp is something that might just kill you. This chimp is from the Myrtle Beach Safari... Turns out it is a sanctuary. They also tend to be loud and they like to mess things up. This is a very young chimpanzee. You can tell by its white face and hands. As they get older the white turns darker That moment when a chimanzee can play on the Vive but you are to poor to afford one. They also sent a chimp to space tfw when you're just a poor human [removed] r/me_irl Memes. That's why. Born too late to explore the world. Born too early to explore the Universe. Born just in time to explore dank memes. They took our jerbs You can play on a Vive too. They have demos set up everywhere. I'm willing to bet that chimpanzee doesn't own that Vive. Nope, the monkey bought it himself, he got a summer job to afford it. Can confirm. Ape Karl was right. Strange, innit? The closest to a 'demo' I have is a place where you have to pay 5€ then you're allowed to play a Vive game for 2-5 minutes, which is kind of bullshit. It's 150km away from me too. The closest to a real 'demo' that is free and longer than 2-5 minutes is in Stockholm.. (I live in Estonia) Have you considered moving to America? Lol I found a "demo" at one of the malls and it was like 10 dollars for 10 minutes. Hell no They have demos set up everywhere. It comes with free pink eye. everywhere in the US. Not even. I have no idea where I would go for that. Dude it only costs about 1 refrigirator I know right, chimpanzees have gone up in price at Wal-Mart. I said this in a previous comment. But, I'm a beyond broke college student, as in I'm 21 now and I've had to work since I was 15, broke college student, and I was able to get one. It's just all about managing money and making sacrifices. For 8 months I didn't go out or do anything that cost money, and I switched to a corn dog only diet, so food was only $6 a week. And, eventually I was able to save up for it. Edit: since everyone is so set on being an asshole and trying to make some point that just because I made major sacrifices, including with my nutrition as most people would never do that (nor do I suggest doing it, I was only eating ~1200-1400 calories a day) So, you can argue all you want that I'm not broke. At this point I don't give a shit, you're all just being assholes. I had been wanting a VR headset since I was a Sophomore/Junior in high school when I first heard about them (~6 years ago), and once I finally found out I could potentially afford one, I made some major fucking sacrifices to afford to have my dream. I worked my ass off to get my PC and the headset, and I sacrificed so much to afford these. You can all be assholes all you want, but when you only make less than ~$2,000 a year, then yeah, I'm broke. And, here, because this is relevant in explaining that further: http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/5dz0ci/_/da8qw9l It was my dream to own this headset, and I'm not going to let y'all assholes make me feel like shit for it. Fuck y'all. Edit #2: I never told anyone to do this, I was just saying that you could be poor at a certain standard of living, but there are probably sacrifices you can make. Like not going to the movies. Not buying a video game. Using coupons. And, then save that extra money you don't spend. That's what I did and that's all I'm saying. I'm not telling anyone to do this. I was just making conversation, but then everyone decided to be an asshole. But, I'm happy and enjoying my life right now. And, I don't need any assholes on the Internet to tell me otherwise. I'm done arguing or explaining myself. I'm sorry for even commenting in the first place... [20 Years Later] Doctor: it seems like most of your problems stem from an all corndog diet for eight straight months when you were younger. Srry_: stares out the window fondly. That actually made me laugh out loud. Glad someone else gave you gold for that, you deserved it hahaha. If you have $2000 worth of gaming equipment, you're not "beyond broke". If it's taken him years of sacrifices to save up that $2k, then yes, he could easily be broke an have that. It's all about priorities and sacrifices. I mean, I bought my computer off of Craigslist for $400. And, I needed a powerful computer for my major, since I'm in computer science and was wanting to specialize in video game design. And, at that time I was working full time, and after 2 months of saving and eating only at my dorm buffet ($150 a year) I was able to afford it. So, again. Still beyond broke, but I just didn't do shit and saved up money. We can argue this all day, but think about it. I'm a college kid on financial aid and scholarship, so I don't have to feed a family or anything like that, and $20 not spent, is $20 saved. And, do that enough and next thing you know you got a nice PC, that you watched Craigslist for weeks for, and a nice VR headset. There's no need to be a dick. Good for you man, you're right. You have to do something for yourself sometimes. I'm happy you finally have the newest game. I know it feels unbelievable to get a cool new thing when you grow up without much. Thank you. And, it really does. It's also such a great feeling putting in all that hard work, like actually working and making sacrifices, and getting something I'd only dreamed of having, because of that hard work. It's so satisfying. On a side note, it's so awesome to have my friends skeptic of the VIVE, and then I'll have them come over to try it for a couple of hours and once they get out, they're always like, "Wow. It's dark outside now? How long-- Oh, 3 hours. Holy shit." it just makes it worth that much more to see something I worked for making people so happy. If you have a friend, or a Windows Store (I know they have them there at least, not sure where else,) then you need to go try the VIVE. Videos don't do it justice, you have to experience it if you can. Hell, I'd be more than happy to let you try mine, on the weird chance you lived/were going to be in Texas! Sorry for the wall of text haha. But, thank you for your kind words. Priorities, I guess. But why? Yeah games are fun, but there's a fuck ton more to life than them. I couldn't imagine saying no to doing stuff with friends because I was saving for a VR headset... OK, I can get that bit. But you shouldn't sacrifice eating nutritiously for the sake of a game. Kinda ballzy letting a chimp play a smashing game next to your tv isn't it? If you can afford a Chimp pet, I don't think you really care that much. If you've bought a wild animal, I don't think you're smart enough for care. Wait, a pet? You're telling me this guy is not a researcher, just stupid enough to keep one in his house? He's wearing Camo. It's clearly a top secret military research project that's been leaked. I'm an "intelligent" human that smashed his 70 inch tv playing the vive.... Vive 70 inch TV Hey it's me ur brother Bring weed and whiskey Sweet, I have both of those things! Username checks out Not when you are so rich you don't even think about the existence of money. "I don't know what it is, but I'm pretty sure I've got a lot of it." Where does one acquire a chimpanzee tho? The same people who can afford a Vive Edit: twas a joke guys I bought a Vive. Best gaming peripheral ever. I wanted VR since the 80s so I wasn't waiting any longer. Gotta treat yo self once in a while. I know they cost a lot now (especially when you take the cost of a high end PC into account) but in a few years time (4 at the most) the costs on both side will have dropped significantly whilst the tech will continue to improve just like it has with all other popular tech. It'll be as popular as any other gaming format soon enough. Edited: too many monkey jokes. But doesn't it have high upkeep costs? What do you feed it? I like that I'm not the only one who inferred he was talking about a chimpanzee as a gaming peripheral instead of the Vive. >3 Apes. Then what do you feed the apes? Vives, duh. Ah, the ol' reddit peripharoo. I read your comment expecting you to pull a switcharoo and end up talking about you buying a chimp. The problem is not only the cost of the headset but also lack of non demo-like games. Exactly. I've had a rift dev kit 1 and 2 and made a conscious decision to not buy a consumer rift or vive until there are a good amount of triple A games that interest me. That may take a while. I am not sure if we are going to have a lot of triple A games. They tend to cost a lot to develop and the small fraction of consumers who owns/will own a VR headset, not to mention Vive will not generate enough profit. This is why Facebook buying oculus made so much sense, they are the ones who can benefit the most with casual, social type games which cost very little to make. At most I think what we are going to see is racing games and other stationary games where they can make it for both VR and non VR . Oh cool, did you also get a Vive too? Or just the Chimp? Oh no, now you gotta get the wireless version. Dude they're like $800. A basic refrigerator cost more than that. Are we measuring luxury items by cost-per-refrigerator now? Isn't that how everyone measures their luxury items? For me its the measurement of bananas. i have found the chimpanzee Yeah, but how does one acquire it? Sell your refrigerator I fuckin love all y'all Be a person that can afford a Vive. FULL CIRCLE :D One does not simply... aquire a chimpanzee I do the Jack In the Box Taco method. No, that's for size, not cost. What would a banana cost, 10 dollars?! I personally own 8 refrigerators so far.. Look at the guy with his fancy 8 refrigerators in his lamorghini book shelf. By my count a Vive is about 0.75 RFG. Which isn't all that bad, considering a used older car is about 2.3 RFG. My hypothetical fiance's ring must cost two refrigerators and a dishwasher, because I hypothetically love her and she likes nice things. I hypothetically love her Damn, that's cold. Colder than a refrigerator Hypothetically speaking, why would you buy an engagement ring for someone you didn't love? Hypothetically. Hypothetically, is that chimpanzee going to eat your hypothetical fiancée's face? No, only her ring Literally. Like the two refrigerator the ring is worth Cold as the other side of the refrigerator. My hypothetical fiance's ring Is the fiance hypothetical or is the ring hypothetical? What I want to know is the cost in blocks of cheese. What kind of cheese? A fancy cheese Chimpancheez Give or take, around 266 blocks of cheese before tax. My last one hour "date" cost 1/4th of a refrigerator. I measure things in Hot N Readies. Like oh fuck, that Vive costs 160 HNR pfft...look at Mr. Hollywood over here with his refrigerator. ...and not a single lentil to be found. What? I live in France a we got a pretty good refrigerator and it cost 300 euros Sshhhh! Don't let them know! 800 bucks is basically low end on the high priced refrigerator scale. It's easy to get a fridge for less than 400, though most are "apartment" sized. I'm in Japan right now. The AirBnB literally has a fridge the size of my spare beer fridge. So? In Europe $ 300 will get you a A+ brand family-of-6-sized fridge. Maybe not quite but do Americans have normal fridges or freezers like most do in the UK or do you all go for ice making, water dispensing, juice pumping fully plumbed beasts like we see on the sitcoms? Those are normal fridges here. Do y'all just have a box with ice in it? that's what i have with just trays, no ice maker. am american Yeah my fridge was 2k and that was an open box special i looked it up. 250 for a A++. If you want a fancy one with A+++ you pay up to 500. Of course there are more expensive ones, but that is true fore everything. A refrigerator is a necessary appliance for modern, 1st-world society that lasts 15+ years. A Vive is a luxury entertainment device that will be obsolete in the next 5 years. 2 years* Yup, that's my experience too. Never had a refrigerator last more than 2 What the? I've had the same fridge for over 10 years now and the one before that I had for 20 years and it still worked. I only got a newer one because I wanted a bigger size. I've had 4 rental properties, moved out of 3 because a new fridge broke within 2 years, landlord refused to replace for 2 properties, my current lease they replaced it without a problem. Manufacturer's often build to the lowest level they can to ensure it barely makes the warranty period, and rely on people not keeping the paperwork to claim a replacement. Stores sell warranties relying on people not to be aware they already have one and they're entitled to it anyway. My fridge went out recently and I replaced it. The repairman I talked to said that they're lasting about 10 years a piece now. He wasn't wrong the fridge he was replacing was 11 years old and then my sisters went out recently and was 9 years old. I'm sure they said the same thing once about the nintendo---or the xbox----or just about every successful consumer electronic that is now mainstream. The "VIVE" likely won't be around forever in it's first gen form (Well, second gen currently) but i'm willing to be it's not going to fade that quickly as a brand. Also, it has propelled VR much further than literally any other consumer-ready product on the market...so I think VR is something you're going to see blow up more and more, so long as big companies continue to stand behind it. Not even close to $800 Not everyone can afford a Vive, that shit is pricey. Like 3 months of car payments+insurance pricey. Honestly I'd rather own a 12 year old car than have to deal with 12 year payments. Saves on insurance and monthly expenses. Yeah, gotta save up for awhile. But it's very possible. It's all a trade off. The 12 year old car will have no warranty and most likely lots of problems. Parts and labor adds up. Sometimes buying new is cheaper. ok, 12 years might be a little much, but a new car is never going to be cheaper than a used car. Sometimes. Sometimes not. Pretty good read on it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/25a0if/article_of_the_week_the_market_for_lemons_akerlof/ Though modern efforts to track problematic cars are changing this with things like CarFax and such. That's false. My old Chevy that I bought to save money has cost me more than my new Acura would've cost me in one year. how? Probably repairs. Depending on how old the Chevy was, fuel costs could be significant as well. I had a similar situation with my old truck, it kept breaking and the monthly cost of my payment, fuel, maintenance, and credit card bills (for the repairs) cost more than my new truck's monthly payments. My new truck's warranty has all maintenance covered, so effectively my only bills are fuel and car payment, which are still about 200 a month less than the total I spent on the old truck. I have a 16year old that I anticipate is going to last me 5 more years. just have to take care of it and change the oil and not neglect maintenance :D 2000 Acura with 150k miles on it. I think I'm going to get tired of it and want something nicer before it actually dies on me Thought you were describing your kid for a second there.... Lol, 12 years is too old? Jeez. We still driving Jap imports from the late 80s down here in Kiwiland! In America, all you need to do to buy expensive shit is to plunge yourself into debt and have someone tell you that you totally should. I've got a 2003 hyundai elentra, no problems so far, and it's been a 12 year old car for like 2 years! That's silly and depends on brand. 12 year old Jeep? Maybe. I have two 28 year old Toyotas and a 29 year old schoolbus and the cost breaks down as follows. 88 Pickup purchased in 2012 $1200, Over the past 4 years I've probably put about 800 into misc maintenance (new tires, oil change, etc.) 88 Corolla purchased last year for $1,000 I have yet to put any money into this aside from title transfers. Both have been driven daily for the past year by my wife and I. Both combine cost about $3,000 including all parts and maintenance. My schoolbus is a different story, that has cost about $6,000 total so far. Regardless for $9k over 4 years I have 3 vehicles, a pickup, economy car and a schoolbus. I believe that is about half the cost of a lower end new car. I wish my car payment was that cheap Damn how much is your car payment?! I pay $300 a month and I thought that was high lol. Neighbour of mine paid about $750 per month on his (at the time) brand new G37. Including insurance he paid around a grand a month Damn.. I'd never have a payment like that. I always had something to trade in plus I'd save up a down payment to bring it down quite a bit. thats like a whole 12 months of insurance for a stupid 20 year old male source:am one edit:who also happens to own a vive... A basic refrigerator is 3-600$. I got my fridge for like NZ100. It's a Kelvinator. Probably older than I am. Super basic, does a great job. CHECKMATE. Seriously though who spends US800 on a "basic" fridge? I don't know where you get your chimps, but in Toronto they start at $950. I could swing that. Where do you buy your refregirators?? I got mine for 250 and even that felt expensive You forgot the 1500$ computer VR ready computer is around 750$ already Refrigerator is also a critical appliance in most homes. Wut? My fridge/freezer cost me like, £200, as opposed to the £700 price tag for the Vive... Yeah but you pretty much need a fridge. Plus you gotta factor in the expensive graphics card you'll need to run it. And the games cost money. + PC cost You have to pre-order the game. I will wear my monkey outfit if I get to play on a vive. It's the only way to play in VR Looking at the decorations in the room....an oil rich region. One where everyone has a sports car and a real cheetah as an accessory to that car. Those are definitely Hindu deities. So India maybe? It's an animal sanctuary in myrtle beach. http://instagram.com/docantle nice find! It's literally in the title of the imgur link you posted... Lol. Can people just not see that watermark on the video? No. No, I could not. I did try though. It's not really a sanctuary, since they do a shitton of breeding, but it functions as a zoo or wildlife park. hanuman's crib little known fact that all arab oil sheikhs are hindu Pre-order bonus. Man, can you imagine trying to change a chimpanzee's diaper? Yes. thanks me too After you betobeto-san It seems crazy that I can get my cats to shit in a box but you can't teach a chimpanzee to I don't think the issue is training one to shit in a box, it's training them not to throw said shit around after they shit in it. Why would a chimpanzee go through the effort of shitting in a box when it could just shit on the floor and humans would clean up after it? Such an intelligent species. Truly amazing. I think that's easy to explain. Cats naturally dig their poop into the ground. Chimps shit where they please and do with it as they please. Also chimps have huge egos. Imagine the most egomaniacal human you know and multiply by 10. it would be fucking garbage. Like some sort of super-smart, strong-enough-to-fuck-you-up toddler. Normally, when you're dealing with someone who's wearing a diaper, they're weaker than you AND willing to have a diaper on em. I've got no fucking clue bout a chimpanzee. Would they like the diaper? Would they like the diaper to fucking much? THERE IS NO GOOD MONKEY/DIAPER SCENARIO. What if the diaper is full of diamonds, and the monkey is actually a sexy lady? r/nocontext https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWo-2BtBc7s Ah, so about like changing a human baby's diaper. Jeeeeeez she reeeaaaaally didn't want that nappy on, did she? poop joke Most of the time I don't put on a diaper when I play on the Vive. Unless you're in for the long haul. SAO got a lot more creepy all of a sudden. Yeah, why would you need diaper when you have socks. Interesting that he seems to have better spacial awareness and balance than any human I've seen wearing a VR headset Maybe it wasn't his first time with it on. When he immediately reaches out for the controller and how he knows to hold it on his face indicate that. Most of the uneasy people vids are from their first time trying it. Not to mention animals don't really worry about breaking shit around them. https://youtu.be/Xzw2iBmRsjs?t=26 Unless you're a bull in a china shop One of those bulls gracefully knicked it. That was fucking neat. I feel like actual china shops are a lot more packed than that and generally have roofs which might affect the behavior of the bulls I think the major part of the experiment was just to show that Bulls aren't careless and won't just walk into the shelves because they're overly massive and have no control over themselves (how we think they are). What does this prove, that bulls avoid large obstacles? I would never have guessed. They should have done it properly and stuck an angry bull in something like this. yea theres another video posted yesterday of the same chimp using it The thing was reaching for the remote like, "oh yeah! VR time. gimme dat remote. time to pop some god damned balloons" Interesting point. All other people I usually see take time to even move from one spot. Let's be honest, we are all the guys who would rather sit and play. Isn't this how The Lawnmower Man starts? First thing I thought of too. First a chimpanzee, then a ruggedly handsome autistic guy... It's only a matter of time before this happens Can you explain this joke? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Lawnmower_Man_(film) Huh. I've read the original short story, but have never heard of this. Thanks. This makes me want to go play Bloons Tower Defense Holy shit this is literally the futurized version of Bloons... I dunno man. This just looks like it could end up very, very badly. I was thinking, "who would give a chimpanzee a sword?" The same people who give knives to crabs. A weapon to surpass metal gear or an AK-47 They rise "Tha....that was not a good idea, Bomba!" Are you TRYING to create the Planet of the Apes? It already is. That monkey is going bananas. He's going ape shit! Good thing they got that diaper on him. I'm NOT a monkey I'm more interesting in the fact that Monkey has the situational awareness to realize there's a screen on his face creating artificial imagery that he can manipulate. inb4 a world of monkeys controlling robots via Virtual reality. Imagine a VR game like grand theft auto and a monkey controlling the character. At first the monkey will run around punching people and hitting cars with his hands, but give them a few months, and they will begin to get in cars and drive around, give them a few years and they will understand how to evade the police. And finally we can train them to go bowling with Roman. Hey! It's me your monkey. I'm pretty sure he doesn't know that I was wondering about this as well. Obviously the monkey comprehends the virtual world and how to interact with it. But does it implicitly understand that it is virtual? Can the monkey differentiate between the virtual world and the real world? Psychologically very, very interesting imho. Even though the monkey has zero understanding of technology, somehow it understands the basic concept. How does he understand the concept but not my mom... Your mom is great at a lot of other things. she's really great at knitting actually. she makes awesome apple pie and sucks a mean dick. How do you know if that monkey understands your mom or not? Interesting facts: This chimpanzee's name is sugreeva ( watermark in gif ). Here is his Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/sugrivathechimp/ They ( FL Myrtle ) have one more chimp named: Vali Vali and sugreeva both name are from Indian mythology. Both of them were superpowerful. Vali had the superpower to absorb half of the strength of his enemy. Sugreeva was Vali's bro but because of some confusion both became rivals. Sugreeva defeated Vali in the end ( by cheat though ). dude, yes! the house is also covered with paintings and idols of Hindu gods and goddesses. ( by cheat though ) That is the layman's perspective, if one doesn't read the history completely. Sugriva takes Rama's help, who shoots Vali from a hidden place while Surgiva & Vali are fighting. Vali, just like everyone else, questions the ethics of this (it is the mark of a warrior to fight face-to-face, not from behind) while he lies dying. After Rama answers each of his questions, he is completely satisfied at his comeuppance (Vali had kidnapped Sugriva's wife, along with other atrocities, for a minor mistake Surgiva did), and hands guardianship of his own son to Rama & Sugriva, before dying peacefully. First, I am fucking terrified of chimps in houses, in a zoo or sanctuary not that bad but a chimp in a house scares the shit out of me. Second, this doesn't seem like a good idea because what happens when he decides he wants to play it but you left the zombie game in.... Edit: a word First, I am fucking terrified of chimps in houses, in a zoo or sanctuary that that bad but a chimp in a house scares the shit out of me. This chimp is very young, and not really that dangerous. He won't be as strong as a man yet, and would be controllable. You're right though that, sooner or later, that chimp is going to get too big and strong for a human to handle. Which is true of most exotic animals, and is a major reason why keeping them as pets if a fucking stupid idea. That's not even considering all the major psychological problems that are likely going to follow that chimp for the rest of his life, long after his "owner" has to give him up to a sanctuary (or worse, a zoo) because he can't control him any more. Good luck on getting that Chimpanzee to navigate explorer.exe to the disk. This new FunHaus video is great! Does anyone else find it creepy how human monkeys and apes are? Like it's unsettling. They are practically people. Some people forget that we are just another animal. We share a lot of genes with anything from banana to apache helicopter. Speak for yourself. Us banana people don't affiliate with those "Apache helicopter" special snowflakes Why don't you come over here and say that to my rotary wings, you potassium ass organic dildo! Careful, banana people can get nuclear. Humans are one of the seven species of the Great Apes family. We share a common ancestor with a chimp and it's our closest related cousin. I believe our DNA matches up at 99% too Well, there's not really a whole lot to separate us other than our knowledge of complex tools, many 'human' concepts can be taught to monkeys and apes, they can learn sign language and understand the concept of currency, if taught they can do most of the things we can, though not quite to the same level we can. Though, considering evolution, there's entirely the possibility that in the future monkeys and apes could be at the level we currently are, without the whole Planet of the Apes thing. Its also possible for cats and dogs to achieve sapience of that level with enough time and adaptation. The probability however is very, very low. Theoretically, Sea Cucumbers could reach our level of intelligence given enough time. I for one welcome our new Cucumber Overlords. It's probably more about how ape-like we are. We are literally apes. Not ape-like. We are apes. We are hairless apes. Kinda like how Sphinx are hairless cats. We probably look ugly asf to other apes. Speak for yourself. My buddy Frank is an ape and he calls me beautiful. We are hairless apes. I guess my back didn't get the memo. It's brilliant. It's not creepy, it's comforting to know that science is correct about evolution and the proof is here in this gif It has nothing to do with creationism. The creepiness is that we have a bunch of furry, super strong five-year-olds running around our rain forests, and sometimes we capture them, put them in diapers, and place them in boxes for our bare-skinned five-year-olds to look at. It disturbs me the some people eat apes and trap them in cages. people eat apes? FUCK Why are there so many paintings of Hindu gods on the walls? They get worn and scuffed if you put them on the floor. The chimp is named after one of the Hindu monkey gods as well: Sugriva. Curious , I was thinking the same thing. The guy who runs the place is very very into Hindu culture. He even changed his name to reflect it (or maybe it was his given name, I don't remember). If his name is Caesar please stop training him. When he masters swords we're fucked Dude wtf. I know the Vive is expensive, but the price is going to be astronomical once I adopt a chimp to complete the setup. Set him up in VR porn for science First you gotta make a chimp porno..... Find a Bonobo documentary and its all good. Now just put it on a dog and put it in a world with squirrels. This seems like a really bad idea. Anyone else notice how he kept his hand on the headset the whole time - leads me to believe he was aware this reality wasn't real but it was a willing choice to let it exist. Haven't people learned that chimps should not be pets? They will get big and they will bite your face off. It's a chimp at a sanctuary, someone figured that out because of the watermark Original https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/5dxr72/chimp_testing_out_vr/ original? you do know thats gallowboob right? that's where I saw it and nothing popped up on reverse searches. Someone already linked that its from Myrtle Beach Safari. I have no idea what a gallowboob is but it doesn't sound like a good time. This is a really religious (Hindu) household that has a chimp in diapers playing in VR, probably confused by the change in its reality - having a good time nevertheless, while on a leash! I am not sure how I feel about any of this.. This is in the US, and the family is just very into Hinduism. They run a wildlife park. This guy can afford a chimp and a VR setup, he's winning at life. Great. Even a chimp got to use VR before me. Isn't this how Planet of the Apes started? How long till that Chimp reprograms those bubbles into humans? Just as a caution, it's questionable whether or not this is good for the chimpanzee. The place this was filmed at, Myrtle Beach Safari | TIGERS, has a questionable history. It was investigated by the USDA 23 times between April 2013 and June 2016. PETA has called it a "Highway Hellhole" and encourages people to avoid it. The Humane Society did an investigation where they note: T.I.G.E.R.S. is a substandard facility that breeds, trades and exhibits big cats and other exotic animals, and has built a large and very profitable business by charging the public exorbitant prices for tours and photos with young animals. When one of the investigators accompanied the owner of Tiger Safari to T.I.G.E.R.S., she received a behind-the-scenes tour where she witnessed dozens of adult tigers crammed into cement horse stalls in a darkened barn. The point I'm trying to make is; this may not be healthy for the chimpanzee and we shouldn't assume the people in the video know what they are doing. Hard to tell if it's safe or not without doing it. Sorry, chimps aren't pets and they will eat your face Says a chimpless pet owner Do you want Lawnmower Man to happen?, this is how you get Lawnmower Man to happen. Finally we know what Sean Murray as been up to. Stop monkeying around!! it always amazes me how much chimpanzees and orangutans are like us. you have to be a real monster to harm animals like them These guys got a fucking VR headset AND a monkey. They know how to party VR, chimp, Hindu velvet paintings, and some dude in camp pants? This is one of the most random assortments of things I've ever seen. Can we not teach chimps to stab objects with swords? Yeah... that would be great... Poor chimp. A fucking chimp got to play with VR before I did... Why is it I can train my cat to use a litter box but chimps have to ware diapers? Probably the same reason we can teach six year olds the difference between where/were/wear/ware, but we can't teach you. Bravo. how is it still tracking with the chimp covering like 10 sensors DID YOU PEOPLE LEARN NOTHING FROM "Ape Escape"??????? When will you learn???? Animal testing Who has a pet monkey all willy nilly like that? Is that laxmi and saraswathi I see there Great ... now even a monkey has had a VR experience that I have never had. That is sick Now try taking it away from him. Great teach it to use a knife this won't end badly This man has a pet monkey. They'll pull your dick off like it was a piece of melted cheese hanging off your tuna melt. So elegant. That's what you get for sticking your banana in a chimpanzee's tuna melt I suppose Hell, I'd have the same reaction I read that as you would have the same erection. I'd have the same erection Yeah but unless you're a muscle man you couldn't casually pull off a guy's dick. Trust me, it's harder then you'd think. Edit: lol at downvotes, why would you even bother? Yup, I tell every hooker if they can rip my dick off with their bare hands I'd pay them a million dollars. Haven't had to pay any hooker for their services to this day. And you got an inch or two extra now too bro. Yep, it's now 3 inches long. And 1/4 inch around. Well that's why, they can't get a good grip on it. Well then you'd still have _2Million left. Some dude should donate their body to medical science and, if he dies when he's still young and healthy with intact genitals, we should hook their cadaver up to a stress-testing machine and find out exactly how much force it takes. Sometimes my roommate will casually show me how far he can pull his... That's called wanking, mate /r/nocontext Dare I say /r/evenwithcontext ! (should i actually post there?) You mean eloquent. Don't you tell him how to live his life Throw it in the tall grass never to be seen again That big bright red booty Do you know how long it took me to train this monkey to suck my dick...without peeling it?? You can keep fuckin these people if you want. More. Monkey. Pussy. For me! Daquq did I just read? https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=P21-iJk4qQc Here you go. Thanks for the reference! No problem! That's all I fuck is chimps and orangutanssssss Mo monkey pussy for me! Chim chim jacked me off with her feet last night. Only a monkey can you show that kind of affection. Im hooking up with an orangutan next week. That's all I fuck just chimps and orangutans. Ima stay home with chimchim You know how long it took to train this monkey to suck my dick.. without peeling it Why would you peel a monkey? [deleted] they naturally attack your face, digits and genitals first That's the part that I think is scary, a person will beat you but probably won't kill without good reason, an ape will cause permanent debilitating damage. It's probably reasonable to assume humans were as instinctively barbaric at some point as well. well it depends on if they're fighting to establish social relationships or fighting to kill same with us This. An unarmed human male fighting for his life is a MONUMENTAL threat. Even with no training, humans can do pretty insane damage with their fists and feet, not to mention biting. Human bites are absolutely nightmarish. Our bite force is among the strongest in the whole animal kingdom, especially when compared to the size of our teeth. We can easily eviscerate big chunks of flesh and do permanent damage with a bite. In hand-to-hand combat, most soldiers are trained to kill with what amounts to a two-strike procedure. One move to get the opponent onto the ground, then another move (be it an elbow, a weapon blow, or a boot to the neck). This can seem exaggerated when you see people training or sparring, but that's only because the adrenaline isn't flowing to its fullest extent. In the real, actual fight-or-else-your-opponenent-WILL-KILL-YOU scenario, an average human male WILL be capable of killing just like that. This is so true and nice to see on here. Most men on reddit probably haven't pushed their body to see what they're actually capable of (I really recommend it, that Socrates quote "it is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable" comes to mind). Human males are capable of being really deadly in a number of ways without any weapons. Even in professional MMA fights you occasionally see someone's skull get crushed by a knee by accident. Or look at a typical submission - if they were fighting to the death their opponent would either be dead or have something broken. This is exactly the type of stuff I was thinking about, when I was restraining myself from typing a giant wall of text. XD I think another prime example is to be found in the known activities of WW2 era spec-ops servicemen. Guys in the commandos/SAS/OSS/non-crappy-resistance-units were capable of killing sentries with terrifying speed and efficiency. It's the single most realistic thing about any war movie, as long as they don't go in for that weird two-hands-on-the-head-neck-snap move that I don't think is a real thing anywhere. Prison fights are another instance where we can see how quickly a male human can kill another male human. In a high-security prison, you'll have mere seconds before people are on you, tazing you or shooting you or clubbing you...and yet prison murders are not at all uncommon. I think realizing just how easy it is, physically, to take a life is important too. If you're in New York walking down a crowded street any person who felt like it could shank you, end your life right there without so much as an explanation. That little old lady down the street? She could pull out a revolver and cap your ass tomorrow. That old man you gave the finger for driving 20 in a 30? He could swerve over and put you in the wall. The little girl next door could set your house on fire while you sleep. That sort of power really shows you the fragility of life and the futility of paranoia People don't realize that anyone with a knife can kill you. Like anyone. it takes barely any force to break human skin and even children can push with enough force to sink a sharp knife into your stomach, thigh, neck. Without medical attention these places are death sentences. Depends on what you clsssify as neck snap. If it's the old "tiny twitch and dead" then yeah, it's unrealistic. If, however, it's a proper twist diagonally up and back, then it's definitely a thing. Fuck yeah. This is why I love going to the gym in short fuckin shorts, loading up 450, and squatting to depth until my nugs pop out. I scream and stare at my veiny quads as I arise from my 3 feet below parallel squat and bust a nut all over the mirror Where do you get your drugs from because I want some of that shit. I like the part where you busted a nut For real. For 99% of us, our mind is the greatest limiter, only allowing us paltry displays of our awesome power. For people who learn to work through the mental blocks, their body is capable of unbelievable strengths. After listening to a Navy Seal describe how our mind constantly prevents us from achieving, I've begun working through my own mental blocks while working out and it's a truly awesome display of power. My mantra becomes, "My body will fail before my mind does". You can keep going until your body breaks down, so you have to be really in tune with yourself as to avoid injury. Well humans are a threat when we have a weapon but unarmed we're not that dangerous to other big mammals really. There was a story about this MMA fighter who got attacked by a juvenile chimp... This dude could barely keep a baby chimp at bay and he's in the top 1 percent of humans in hand to hand combat. We are without a doubt the most dangerous and deadly animal on the planet but it is because of our huge brains, creativity, and grasping hands. I hate to be that guy but quick FYI; while I agree with everything you said, eviscerate means to disembowel, the word you're looking for is gouge. While I agree that people have strong bites, I don't think we're capable of disembowelment from a single bite (although that would be a sight to see...) God you made me think of the scene in Saving Private Ryan where the Jewish guy is in hand to hand with the German and he bites his hand and blood comes pouring out. Makes me fucking cringe Uh a chimp could kick a humans ass any day of the week. Humans cant do much when their eyeballs are being eaten. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t1DG-37QhM8 Our bite force is 120 psi, that's nowhere near the strongest, lions are 600, crocodiles are 2,500. You missed your chance to say "an ape will go apeshit". When we organized LARP events, we stopped giving full costumes with masks to our "actors". The players would go crazy and hit only the hands, crotch and face. Usually, they would hit the arms and legs when fighting humans. That's actually really interesting. What were the costumes of? If i feel threatened by an other human being and i come to the conclusion that it's me or him... you can rest assured im a punch him in the throat or dick until I feel safe. Sure, but that's still a far cry from the Chimps. Unless you are using your hands, nails, and teeth to rip off his genitals, bite off his fingers, and tear out his eyes and nose you aren't quite as bad. We will punch until we feel safe, they will rip and tear until their opponent stops moving. So they're exactly like humans only stronger. They're like primitive humans with retard strength Retard Strength=10x stronger than average male. Primate= 10-20x stronger than average male Retarded Primate= Incredible fucking Hulk This is the secret to the Saiyan's power. But, in most cases, dumber too. I guess you're new here. Welcome to the internet. I used to work retail and I have to respectfully disagree. As a human being, I have to agree too Did you just.... Agree to disagree? Puts on sunglasses while won't get fooled again plays Sometimes I wonder though... Eh, 50/50 Idk about that. Have you been paying attention to humanity this year? Hey now. Chimps didn't elect Donald Trump. they're twice as strong as humans when adjusted for body weight so a smaller chimp isn't much stronger than a healthy, athletic male. http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/science/2009/02/how_strong_is_a_chimpanzee.html But the "five times" figure was refuted 20 years after Bauman's experiments. In 1943, Glen Finch of the Yale primate laboratory rigged an apparatus to test the arm strength of eight captive chimpanzees. An adult male chimp, he found, pulled about the same weight as an adult man. Once he'd corrected the measurement for their smaller body sizes, chimpanzees did turn out to be stronger than humans—but not by a factor of five or anything close to it. Sweet. I'm gonna go find a chimp that's just under half my size and kick the shit out of it. That should keep them in line for a bit. Well, their threshold for what wouod be the human equivalent of "snapping" is far lower to non-existent. The difference here is gigantic, actually, because animals don't waste time realizing a threat. One has to put into consideration that most people (in the western world at least) are quite... let's say soft ... which can be a huge disadvantage when shit hits the fan. People usually don't go all-in, because they don't want to hurt someone due to the unnatural fear of physical pain, which means someone who lacks this fear will have a huge advantage over most people, no matter the situation. You can reason with a human, but a chimp.... Have you tried reasoning with some people? I want you look at Bonobos it'd scary how close they are to humans I saw a bunch just lying down and it looked like one of them was telling the others a joke. Fuck that. I'll throw a left hook and a straight right at that mother fucker if he comes at me. That chimp will do nuttin' Pull it off and throw it in the tall grass never to be seen again. r/nocontext It's easier to imagine when you see how ripped they are under that hair. Wow they're basically Orcs My god, you're right Shit that's terrifying. Now we just need to paint them green and give them guns. ERE WE GO BOYZ! WAAAAAAGH!!! I think you mean give them the blood of a demon. I think they look more like Warhammer orcs than Warcraft orcs. I'd rather have both though. RED, GOES FASTA! ME GO FACE? YUP Uruk-hai* This is the first time I've seen something like that, and all I have to say is What The Fuck... A majority of animals look pretty horrifying without hair Like bears, which you could be forgiven for mistaking for a chupacabra or something if you ran into one at night. Honestly, I'd say that the bear seems less intimidating without fur. It kind of looks lost and confused. It kind of looks lost and confused. Me too, thanks. TIL a bare bear kind of looks lost and confused. Which ought to make it more terrifying if it becomes aggressive. Imagine that thing just roaring, its face turning into angry expression, and starts running towards you to mall you to death. My mom tried to mall me to death when I was a kid. We were there for hours. I survived though so it can't be that bad. Looks like a kangaroo and an elephant had a baby. "Elephino!" elarooooooooooo Thats no bear son, that's a yaoguai There is a disappointingly small number of pictures of other hairless animals. I had seen the chimps and bear, really wanted to see a hairless tiger or wolf. Be the change you want to see in the world. Battery powered hair clippers and a ghillie suit aren't all that expensive. Just be good at grappling. Yep. That's enough Reddit for today. Am I the only one who thinks we should open a Chimpanzee Gym and dedicate science to see just exactly how swole we can get these m8? I think because of genetis, chimps won't get much bigger than they already are. Muscle is very expensive when it comes to survival, it takes calories to sustain, but muscle, in regards to a chimp is also required for survival. Therefore, the baseline they have is near to their genetic max already. Human brains takes up a lot more calories than a chimp (25% vs 8%). Our genetics dictates that muscle is not needed for survival since we can make tools and don't need strength to survive, which is why our muscular baseline is not quite as high. Instead, more calories is used to fuel our very expensive brains. Now, put us in a gym with a caloric surplus, and the body will give the OK to build muscle. Do the same to a chimp and??? It'd be interesting, but I don't think they'd get bigger. Sounds right but I don't know enough about chimps to disagree Neither do I. I'm just a layman who's thought about this too much. Might be very very wrong. I mean im sure they could feed them steroids and shit too. True. With gear they'd definitly get bigger, no doubt. OINK. if im understanding this correctly, THEY WOULD BE ABLE TO GET SMARTER! If chimps in a gym makes them smarter, do chimps in a school get fucking jacked? Put one on a high dose of testosterone and hgh and igf-1 as well as a very big caloric surplus and I'm sure they will get crazy hooge and unbelievably strong. But of course this is highly dangerous for the chimp and its handlers, as well as extremely unethical. You forgot the 3 scoops of mutant whey. Gotta leave chimpmanity behind Then make them fuck a grapefruit. Don't forget the gnar pump Sounds like the words of someone who doesn't even fucking lift brah. I hear they're prime m8s Didn't expect to see Monkey nuts today... You've been on Reddit for two years now. Let's be honest, you've long given up expecting anything whatsoever. Yeah, you're right... Well, technically you saw ape nuts. The day isn't over though. Not only are the muscular as hell, but each pound of muscle on a chimp provides quite a bit more strength than each pound of muscle in a human. Really gives you perspective. It's like retard strength x10. It's not the muscles themselves so much as the way their nervous system works. Human beings have a lot of fine muscle control (which is why we can do things like brain surgery or other delicate work) and this means that we don't engage all of our muscles to the max when we move our bodies. Chimps on the other hand, don't have this fine degree of control, so their movements engage more muscles all the time (as a side note, it's also very energy inefficient, but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are). If you ever lift weights, or weight train, a lot of your "gainz" actually don't come from just building more muscle mass, but also neurological training - literally training your body to engage more muscles and shift/move the weight better when you engage. An average person can usually increase how much weight they can lift by 50% to 100% within 2-3 months from starting from scratch and that doesn't mean they doubled their muscle, just that they mostly trained their bodies to use the muscles they do have. Aye, that's what I meant with more strength pound for pound. They have greater access to it! but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are No they aren't. they are simply a different branch along the evolutionary timeline. The traits that the chimps evolution favored were muscle and environmental versatility. They evolved to live in the wild, we evolved to live in a society where we push nature away, instead of live alongside it, like chimps. If a chimp, and yourself we both cast out naked in the middle of wilderness, I guarantee that the chimp would last longer than you. Making you the less fit one for that environment. and from an outside observer, that would make the chimp look "more evolved" Human with or without survival training? ... lower down the evolutionary scale than we are. I just want to point out real quick that this is a misleading way to phrase this. Chimps, along with all other currently living organisms on earth have evolved for the same time as us. There's also no single metric for progress or success in evolution. The reason I take this up is that many people who don't believe in evolution seem to share a misunderstanding that the theory of evolution suggests that Man has evolved from chimpanzees, who evolved from some other currently living ape, and that so it goes, from most complex animal to the simplest one. Chimps don't have worse fine motor skills than us because they're behind us, they just specialized in other stuff (like ripping the balls of the other animals). but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are. It's a very human-centric view to think that we're more evolved than another animal. Evolution pushes organisms towards being good at living (and reproducing) in whatever environment they happen to find themselves in. Intelligence and fine motor control are certainly useful evolutionary strategies, but really any trait that keeps you from being dead is a valid strategy. There isn't a perfect form that all life is evolving towards. Evolution pushes organisms towards being good at living (and reproducing) in whatever environment they happen to find themselves in So, basically adapt to reproduce and keep the species alive? Well, we could wipe out all chimps, but they could not wipe us out. Does this not mean we have superior survival capabilities? It's a very human-centric view to think that we're more evolved than another animal. I know, it's species-ist of me. I fully expect the Social Justice Primates to call me out on Twitter for my hate speech. Prejudice aside, it's also an unscientific view. There is no thing as an evolutionary scale or an evolutionary level. Every species is equally as "evolved" as every other one, in that there is no quantifiable metric for evolution at all. It describes a continuous process, not a degree of progress. Well considering we are able to debate these things with people across the planet instantaneously using electrical signals, and chimps are kept in cages and throw shit at each other, I think we are a bit higher up on the scale (if there was one). We're smarter, yes, but we're both equally evolved. Phrasing the question in terms of the degree of evolution is a misstatement. It's not un PC, it's actually wrong I heard somewhere it had to do with the structure of their muscle fibers? Something like the longer the muscle fibers are the less controll but more power they have? Maybe opposite? Hmm idk looking up apes and monkeys for the rest of the night! Which is why we have the occasional "man on pcp lifts car" story. Makes sense. They're probably around 10x more retarded. Wait a second... how do you know a retard's strength x10 that of a human. Have you fought with a retard that was 10 times your strength or have you fought with 10 retards at once? I can tell you that a retard's strength is 10.786 times that of a human. Source: Am Retard You sure are the fuck? http://i.imgur.com/bFu75.gif That looks frightening. Imagine falling into that pit. No harambes there. I don't understand how anyone can deny humans are related to these guys. I don't want to turn this into any sort of a debate (but this is Reddit, I'm preaching the choir I'm sure), but they're almost disturbingly human. Now I miss Harambe again. Why do they all look like they've suffered an anal prolapse? Hello! Thank you for subscribing to Chimp facts! Did you know.... An aggressive Chimpanzee will bite or tear off a prey or an aggressors digits, genitalia, and eyes first to disable them for the kill? SSsscary! This has happened to many people NSFL. Don't pretend they are pets and you'll be alright. Have a nice day! Subscribe Thank you for unsubscribing to Chimp Facts oh my god it happened Thank you for subscribing to God facts!!! Unsubscribe Thank you for your subscription of chimp facts, did you know that no chimps were harmed in the hollocaust? hollocaust really? Hollo, it's me I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet his nose and mouth were ripped off, an eye was gouged out, his left foot was mangled and most of his fingers and buttocks were devoured. oh. A bloody chimp ate me fockin arse m8 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) All the important bits A trauma center can tell you no to services? He nearly bled to death three times as two hospitals denied him entry Denied him entry? Wtf? Denied just means they tell him they aren't equipped to treat him. It means you will die here, get your ass to a trauma center. Do they help him get to a trauma center? Like with an ambulance and stuff? I'm sure they would if they had one. Not all hospitals have a dispatch. Also for all we know they might have stopped at an outpatient clinic or an urgent care center. Cmon now, i doubt someone who keeps a chimp as a pet would be so stupid as to not head stright for a trauma center after suffering trauma 1) He was at a wildlife refuge when he was attacked. 2) He no longer owned the chimp. 3) It wasn't his previously owned chimp that attacked him. That's more WTF than what the chimps did. The only thing I can think of that might make it justifiable (maybe) would be if the first two hospitals simply didn't have the appropriate facilities or staffing. They do mention that he was taken by a trauma center. But even then... it's understandable tho, he was bleeding all over their clean floor. Presumably didn't want the death to count against their stats Edit: this is a gaming joke all bout that k/d baby The locally famous chimp allegedly bit a woman who stuck her finger in his cage in 1999 and had to be removed to an animal sanctuary WTF? Why do people think it's okay to put their fingers in a chimp cage? And then why do they decide to move him to an animal sanctuary? Those animals are smart as hell and obviously bonded with the family. That's like pulling a child out of its family's home and moving it into an orphanage. Fucked up, all because some bitch thought she could put her finger in the cage and couldn't deal with the consequence. See: Harambe "I remember hearing someone say, 'Might as well just take him to the coroner's office,'" Oh, fuck that. I wonder if the owners of this chimp with the HTC Vive think theirs is incapable of such rage. Chimps belong in the wild, not a fucking living room. Bonobo's FTW. They'll just have sex with you if issues arise. He said his New Year's resolution was to stop crying and get out of the house every week. /r/meirl Oh fuck STOP. beat the shit out of you with their super monkey strength I saw a few films about that. Scary shit. James Franco was in one. In this world gone mad, we won't spank the monkey- the monkey will spank us. And after the fall of man, these monkey fucks'll start wearing our clothes and rebuilding the world in their image. Oh and only those as super smart as me will be left alive to bitterly cry - you maniacs! Damn yous! Goddamn yous all to hell! YOU ARE THE ONES WHO ARE THE BALL LICKERS! There was a video by someone semi famous I remember..he was talking about the time a friends chimp attacked him and it messed him up. He ended up pile driving the chimp on its skull before it submitted. Then it was on the couch eating cereal Found it. Great story https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=udGAapx7Gok Actual story begins at 0:52—quite a lengthy intro! Nice! That guy is a genuine badass [deleted] Chimps are smart as fuck but at the end of the day they still gotta wear diapers Same goes for Stephen Hawking but I don't see you dismissing him with that same statement. u underestimate my ignorance <3 you Stephen Hawking is smart as fuck but at the end of the day he still gotta wear diapers Ape Yeah, they can be pretty dangerous https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Travis_(chimpanzee) If it is a female chimp the chances of this is low. If it is male things like that can happen It'll be socially screwed and left rocking back and forth in a sanctuary somewhere one day when this idiot realises an adult chimp is something that might just kill you. It'll be socially screwed and left rocking back and forth in a sanctuary somewhere one day when this idiot realises an adult chimp is something that might just kill you. This chimp is from the Myrtle Beach Safari... Turns out it is a sanctuary. They also tend to be loud and they like to mess things up. This is a very young chimpanzee. You can tell by its white face and hands. As they get older the white turns darker So elegant. That's what you get for sticking your banana in a chimpanzee's tuna melt I suppose Hell, I'd have the same reaction I read that as you would have the same erection. I'd have the same erection Yeah but unless you're a muscle man you couldn't casually pull off a guy's dick. Trust me, it's harder then you'd think. Edit: lol at downvotes, why would you even bother? Yup, I tell every hooker if they can rip my dick off with their bare hands I'd pay them a million dollars. Haven't had to pay any hooker for their services to this day. And you got an inch or two extra now too bro. Yep, it's now 3 inches long. And 1/4 inch around. Well that's why, they can't get a good grip on it. Well then you'd still have _2Million left. Some dude should donate their body to medical science and, if he dies when he's still young and healthy with intact genitals, we should hook their cadaver up to a stress-testing machine and find out exactly how much force it takes. Sometimes my roommate will casually show me how far he can pull his... That's called wanking, mate /r/nocontext Dare I say /r/evenwithcontext ! (should i actually post there?) You mean eloquent. Don't you tell him how to live his life Throw it in the tall grass never to be seen again That big bright red booty Do you know how long it took me to train this monkey to suck my dick...without peeling it?? You can keep fuckin these people if you want. More. Monkey. Pussy. For me! Daquq did I just read? https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=P21-iJk4qQc Here you go. Thanks for the reference! No problem! That's all I fuck is chimps and orangutanssssss Mo monkey pussy for me! Chim chim jacked me off with her feet last night. Only a monkey can you show that kind of affection. Im hooking up with an orangutan next week. That's all I fuck just chimps and orangutans. Ima stay home with chimchim You know how long it took to train this monkey to suck my dick.. without peeling it Why would you peel a monkey? [deleted] they naturally attack your face, digits and genitals first That's the part that I think is scary, a person will beat you but probably won't kill without good reason, an ape will cause permanent debilitating damage. It's probably reasonable to assume humans were as instinctively barbaric at some point as well. well it depends on if they're fighting to establish social relationships or fighting to kill same with us This. An unarmed human male fighting for his life is a MONUMENTAL threat. Even with no training, humans can do pretty insane damage with their fists and feet, not to mention biting. Human bites are absolutely nightmarish. Our bite force is among the strongest in the whole animal kingdom, especially when compared to the size of our teeth. We can easily eviscerate big chunks of flesh and do permanent damage with a bite. In hand-to-hand combat, most soldiers are trained to kill with what amounts to a two-strike procedure. One move to get the opponent onto the ground, then another move (be it an elbow, a weapon blow, or a boot to the neck). This can seem exaggerated when you see people training or sparring, but that's only because the adrenaline isn't flowing to its fullest extent. In the real, actual fight-or-else-your-opponenent-WILL-KILL-YOU scenario, an average human male WILL be capable of killing just like that. This is so true and nice to see on here. Most men on reddit probably haven't pushed their body to see what they're actually capable of (I really recommend it, that Socrates quote "it is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable" comes to mind). Human males are capable of being really deadly in a number of ways without any weapons. Even in professional MMA fights you occasionally see someone's skull get crushed by a knee by accident. Or look at a typical submission - if they were fighting to the death their opponent would either be dead or have something broken. This is exactly the type of stuff I was thinking about, when I was restraining myself from typing a giant wall of text. XD I think another prime example is to be found in the known activities of WW2 era spec-ops servicemen. Guys in the commandos/SAS/OSS/non-crappy-resistance-units were capable of killing sentries with terrifying speed and efficiency. It's the single most realistic thing about any war movie, as long as they don't go in for that weird two-hands-on-the-head-neck-snap move that I don't think is a real thing anywhere. Prison fights are another instance where we can see how quickly a male human can kill another male human. In a high-security prison, you'll have mere seconds before people are on you, tazing you or shooting you or clubbing you...and yet prison murders are not at all uncommon. I think realizing just how easy it is, physically, to take a life is important too. If you're in New York walking down a crowded street any person who felt like it could shank you, end your life right there without so much as an explanation. That little old lady down the street? She could pull out a revolver and cap your ass tomorrow. That old man you gave the finger for driving 20 in a 30? He could swerve over and put you in the wall. The little girl next door could set your house on fire while you sleep. That sort of power really shows you the fragility of life and the futility of paranoia People don't realize that anyone with a knife can kill you. Like anyone. it takes barely any force to break human skin and even children can push with enough force to sink a sharp knife into your stomach, thigh, neck. Without medical attention these places are death sentences. Depends on what you clsssify as neck snap. If it's the old "tiny twitch and dead" then yeah, it's unrealistic. If, however, it's a proper twist diagonally up and back, then it's definitely a thing. Fuck yeah. This is why I love going to the gym in short fuckin shorts, loading up 450, and squatting to depth until my nugs pop out. I scream and stare at my veiny quads as I arise from my 3 feet below parallel squat and bust a nut all over the mirror Where do you get your drugs from because I want some of that shit. I like the part where you busted a nut For real. For 99% of us, our mind is the greatest limiter, only allowing us paltry displays of our awesome power. For people who learn to work through the mental blocks, their body is capable of unbelievable strengths. After listening to a Navy Seal describe how our mind constantly prevents us from achieving, I've begun working through my own mental blocks while working out and it's a truly awesome display of power. My mantra becomes, "My body will fail before my mind does". You can keep going until your body breaks down, so you have to be really in tune with yourself as to avoid injury. Well humans are a threat when we have a weapon but unarmed we're not that dangerous to other big mammals really. There was a story about this MMA fighter who got attacked by a juvenile chimp... This dude could barely keep a baby chimp at bay and he's in the top 1 percent of humans in hand to hand combat. We are without a doubt the most dangerous and deadly animal on the planet but it is because of our huge brains, creativity, and grasping hands. I hate to be that guy but quick FYI; while I agree with everything you said, eviscerate means to disembowel, the word you're looking for is gouge. While I agree that people have strong bites, I don't think we're capable of disembowelment from a single bite (although that would be a sight to see...) God you made me think of the scene in Saving Private Ryan where the Jewish guy is in hand to hand with the German and he bites his hand and blood comes pouring out. Makes me fucking cringe Uh a chimp could kick a humans ass any day of the week. Humans cant do much when their eyeballs are being eaten. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t1DG-37QhM8 Our bite force is 120 psi, that's nowhere near the strongest, lions are 600, crocodiles are 2,500. You missed your chance to say "an ape will go apeshit". When we organized LARP events, we stopped giving full costumes with masks to our "actors". The players would go crazy and hit only the hands, crotch and face. Usually, they would hit the arms and legs when fighting humans. That's actually really interesting. What were the costumes of? If i feel threatened by an other human being and i come to the conclusion that it's me or him... you can rest assured im a punch him in the throat or dick until I feel safe. Sure, but that's still a far cry from the Chimps. Unless you are using your hands, nails, and teeth to rip off his genitals, bite off his fingers, and tear out his eyes and nose you aren't quite as bad. We will punch until we feel safe, they will rip and tear until their opponent stops moving. So they're exactly like humans only stronger. They're like primitive humans with retard strength Retard Strength=10x stronger than average male. Primate= 10-20x stronger than average male Retarded Primate= Incredible fucking Hulk This is the secret to the Saiyan's power. But, in most cases, dumber too. I guess you're new here. Welcome to the internet. I used to work retail and I have to respectfully disagree. As a human being, I have to agree too Did you just.... Agree to disagree? Puts on sunglasses while won't get fooled again plays Sometimes I wonder though... Eh, 50/50 Idk about that. Have you been paying attention to humanity this year? Hey now. Chimps didn't elect Donald Trump. they're twice as strong as humans when adjusted for body weight so a smaller chimp isn't much stronger than a healthy, athletic male. http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/science/2009/02/how_strong_is_a_chimpanzee.html But the "five times" figure was refuted 20 years after Bauman's experiments. In 1943, Glen Finch of the Yale primate laboratory rigged an apparatus to test the arm strength of eight captive chimpanzees. An adult male chimp, he found, pulled about the same weight as an adult man. Once he'd corrected the measurement for their smaller body sizes, chimpanzees did turn out to be stronger than humans—but not by a factor of five or anything close to it. Sweet. I'm gonna go find a chimp that's just under half my size and kick the shit out of it. That should keep them in line for a bit. Well, their threshold for what wouod be the human equivalent of "snapping" is far lower to non-existent. The difference here is gigantic, actually, because animals don't waste time realizing a threat. One has to put into consideration that most people (in the western world at least) are quite... let's say soft ... which can be a huge disadvantage when shit hits the fan. People usually don't go all-in, because they don't want to hurt someone due to the unnatural fear of physical pain, which means someone who lacks this fear will have a huge advantage over most people, no matter the situation. You can reason with a human, but a chimp.... Have you tried reasoning with some people? I want you look at Bonobos it'd scary how close they are to humans I saw a bunch just lying down and it looked like one of them was telling the others a joke. Fuck that. I'll throw a left hook and a straight right at that mother fucker if he comes at me. That chimp will do nuttin' Pull it off and throw it in the tall grass never to be seen again. r/nocontext That's what you get for sticking your banana in a chimpanzee's tuna melt I suppose Hell, I'd have the same reaction I read that as you would have the same erection. I'd have the same erection Yeah but unless you're a muscle man you couldn't casually pull off a guy's dick. Trust me, it's harder then you'd think. Edit: lol at downvotes, why would you even bother? Yup, I tell every hooker if they can rip my dick off with their bare hands I'd pay them a million dollars. Haven't had to pay any hooker for their services to this day. And you got an inch or two extra now too bro. Yep, it's now 3 inches long. And 1/4 inch around. Well that's why, they can't get a good grip on it. Well then you'd still have _2Million left. Some dude should donate their body to medical science and, if he dies when he's still young and healthy with intact genitals, we should hook their cadaver up to a stress-testing machine and find out exactly how much force it takes. Sometimes my roommate will casually show me how far he can pull his... That's called wanking, mate /r/nocontext Dare I say /r/evenwithcontext ! (should i actually post there?) You mean eloquent. Don't you tell him how to live his life Hell, I'd have the same reaction I read that as you would have the same erection. I'd have the same erection Yeah but unless you're a muscle man you couldn't casually pull off a guy's dick. Trust me, it's harder then you'd think. Edit: lol at downvotes, why would you even bother? Yup, I tell every hooker if they can rip my dick off with their bare hands I'd pay them a million dollars. Haven't had to pay any hooker for their services to this day. And you got an inch or two extra now too bro. Yep, it's now 3 inches long. And 1/4 inch around. Well that's why, they can't get a good grip on it. Well then you'd still have _2Million left. Some dude should donate their body to medical science and, if he dies when he's still young and healthy with intact genitals, we should hook their cadaver up to a stress-testing machine and find out exactly how much force it takes. Sometimes my roommate will casually show me how far he can pull his... That's called wanking, mate /r/nocontext Dare I say /r/evenwithcontext ! (should i actually post there?) I read that as you would have the same erection. I'd have the same erection Yeah but unless you're a muscle man you couldn't casually pull off a guy's dick. Trust me, it's harder then you'd think. Edit: lol at downvotes, why would you even bother? Yup, I tell every hooker if they can rip my dick off with their bare hands I'd pay them a million dollars. Haven't had to pay any hooker for their services to this day. And you got an inch or two extra now too bro. Yep, it's now 3 inches long. And 1/4 inch around. Well that's why, they can't get a good grip on it. Well then you'd still have _2Million left. Some dude should donate their body to medical science and, if he dies when he's still young and healthy with intact genitals, we should hook their cadaver up to a stress-testing machine and find out exactly how much force it takes. Sometimes my roommate will casually show me how far he can pull his... That's called wanking, mate Yup, I tell every hooker if they can rip my dick off with their bare hands I'd pay them a million dollars. Haven't had to pay any hooker for their services to this day. And you got an inch or two extra now too bro. Yep, it's now 3 inches long. And 1/4 inch around. Well that's why, they can't get a good grip on it. Well then you'd still have _2Million left. Some dude should donate their body to medical science and, if he dies when he's still young and healthy with intact genitals, we should hook their cadaver up to a stress-testing machine and find out exactly how much force it takes. Sometimes my roommate will casually show me how far he can pull his... That's called wanking, mate And you got an inch or two extra now too bro. Yep, it's now 3 inches long. And 1/4 inch around. Well that's why, they can't get a good grip on it. Well then you'd still have _2Million left. Yep, it's now 3 inches long. And 1/4 inch around. Well that's why, they can't get a good grip on it. And 1/4 inch around. Well that's why, they can't get a good grip on it. That's called wanking, mate Dare I say /r/evenwithcontext ! (should i actually post there?) Don't you tell him how to live his life That big bright red booty Do you know how long it took me to train this monkey to suck my dick...without peeling it?? You can keep fuckin these people if you want. More. Monkey. Pussy. For me! Daquq did I just read? https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=P21-iJk4qQc Here you go. Thanks for the reference! No problem! That's all I fuck is chimps and orangutanssssss Mo monkey pussy for me! Chim chim jacked me off with her feet last night. Only a monkey can you show that kind of affection. Im hooking up with an orangutan next week. That's all I fuck just chimps and orangutans. Ima stay home with chimchim You know how long it took to train this monkey to suck my dick.. without peeling it Why would you peel a monkey? Do you know how long it took me to train this monkey to suck my dick...without peeling it?? You can keep fuckin these people if you want. More. Monkey. Pussy. For me! Daquq did I just read? https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=P21-iJk4qQc Here you go. Thanks for the reference! No problem! That's all I fuck is chimps and orangutanssssss You can keep fuckin these people if you want. More. Monkey. Pussy. For me! Daquq did I just read? https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=P21-iJk4qQc Here you go. Thanks for the reference! No problem! That's all I fuck is chimps and orangutanssssss Daquq did I just read? https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=P21-iJk4qQc Here you go. Thanks for the reference! No problem! That's all I fuck is chimps and orangutanssssss https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=P21-iJk4qQc Here you go. Thanks for the reference! No problem! Thanks for the reference! No problem! No problem! Chim chim jacked me off with her feet last night. Only a monkey can you show that kind of affection. Im hooking up with an orangutan next week. That's all I fuck just chimps and orangutans. Im hooking up with an orangutan next week. That's all I fuck just chimps and orangutans. That's all I fuck just chimps and orangutans. You know how long it took to train this monkey to suck my dick.. without peeling it Why would you peel a monkey? Why would you peel a monkey? they naturally attack your face, digits and genitals first That's the part that I think is scary, a person will beat you but probably won't kill without good reason, an ape will cause permanent debilitating damage. It's probably reasonable to assume humans were as instinctively barbaric at some point as well. well it depends on if they're fighting to establish social relationships or fighting to kill same with us This. An unarmed human male fighting for his life is a MONUMENTAL threat. Even with no training, humans can do pretty insane damage with their fists and feet, not to mention biting. Human bites are absolutely nightmarish. Our bite force is among the strongest in the whole animal kingdom, especially when compared to the size of our teeth. We can easily eviscerate big chunks of flesh and do permanent damage with a bite. In hand-to-hand combat, most soldiers are trained to kill with what amounts to a two-strike procedure. One move to get the opponent onto the ground, then another move (be it an elbow, a weapon blow, or a boot to the neck). This can seem exaggerated when you see people training or sparring, but that's only because the adrenaline isn't flowing to its fullest extent. In the real, actual fight-or-else-your-opponenent-WILL-KILL-YOU scenario, an average human male WILL be capable of killing just like that. This is so true and nice to see on here. Most men on reddit probably haven't pushed their body to see what they're actually capable of (I really recommend it, that Socrates quote "it is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable" comes to mind). Human males are capable of being really deadly in a number of ways without any weapons. Even in professional MMA fights you occasionally see someone's skull get crushed by a knee by accident. Or look at a typical submission - if they were fighting to the death their opponent would either be dead or have something broken. This is exactly the type of stuff I was thinking about, when I was restraining myself from typing a giant wall of text. XD I think another prime example is to be found in the known activities of WW2 era spec-ops servicemen. Guys in the commandos/SAS/OSS/non-crappy-resistance-units were capable of killing sentries with terrifying speed and efficiency. It's the single most realistic thing about any war movie, as long as they don't go in for that weird two-hands-on-the-head-neck-snap move that I don't think is a real thing anywhere. Prison fights are another instance where we can see how quickly a male human can kill another male human. In a high-security prison, you'll have mere seconds before people are on you, tazing you or shooting you or clubbing you...and yet prison murders are not at all uncommon. I think realizing just how easy it is, physically, to take a life is important too. If you're in New York walking down a crowded street any person who felt like it could shank you, end your life right there without so much as an explanation. That little old lady down the street? She could pull out a revolver and cap your ass tomorrow. That old man you gave the finger for driving 20 in a 30? He could swerve over and put you in the wall. The little girl next door could set your house on fire while you sleep. That sort of power really shows you the fragility of life and the futility of paranoia People don't realize that anyone with a knife can kill you. Like anyone. it takes barely any force to break human skin and even children can push with enough force to sink a sharp knife into your stomach, thigh, neck. Without medical attention these places are death sentences. Depends on what you clsssify as neck snap. If it's the old "tiny twitch and dead" then yeah, it's unrealistic. If, however, it's a proper twist diagonally up and back, then it's definitely a thing. Fuck yeah. This is why I love going to the gym in short fuckin shorts, loading up 450, and squatting to depth until my nugs pop out. I scream and stare at my veiny quads as I arise from my 3 feet below parallel squat and bust a nut all over the mirror Where do you get your drugs from because I want some of that shit. I like the part where you busted a nut For real. For 99% of us, our mind is the greatest limiter, only allowing us paltry displays of our awesome power. For people who learn to work through the mental blocks, their body is capable of unbelievable strengths. After listening to a Navy Seal describe how our mind constantly prevents us from achieving, I've begun working through my own mental blocks while working out and it's a truly awesome display of power. My mantra becomes, "My body will fail before my mind does". You can keep going until your body breaks down, so you have to be really in tune with yourself as to avoid injury. Well humans are a threat when we have a weapon but unarmed we're not that dangerous to other big mammals really. There was a story about this MMA fighter who got attacked by a juvenile chimp... This dude could barely keep a baby chimp at bay and he's in the top 1 percent of humans in hand to hand combat. We are without a doubt the most dangerous and deadly animal on the planet but it is because of our huge brains, creativity, and grasping hands. I hate to be that guy but quick FYI; while I agree with everything you said, eviscerate means to disembowel, the word you're looking for is gouge. While I agree that people have strong bites, I don't think we're capable of disembowelment from a single bite (although that would be a sight to see...) God you made me think of the scene in Saving Private Ryan where the Jewish guy is in hand to hand with the German and he bites his hand and blood comes pouring out. Makes me fucking cringe Uh a chimp could kick a humans ass any day of the week. Humans cant do much when their eyeballs are being eaten. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t1DG-37QhM8 Our bite force is 120 psi, that's nowhere near the strongest, lions are 600, crocodiles are 2,500. You missed your chance to say "an ape will go apeshit". When we organized LARP events, we stopped giving full costumes with masks to our "actors". The players would go crazy and hit only the hands, crotch and face. Usually, they would hit the arms and legs when fighting humans. That's actually really interesting. What were the costumes of? If i feel threatened by an other human being and i come to the conclusion that it's me or him... you can rest assured im a punch him in the throat or dick until I feel safe. Sure, but that's still a far cry from the Chimps. Unless you are using your hands, nails, and teeth to rip off his genitals, bite off his fingers, and tear out his eyes and nose you aren't quite as bad. We will punch until we feel safe, they will rip and tear until their opponent stops moving. So they're exactly like humans only stronger. They're like primitive humans with retard strength Retard Strength=10x stronger than average male. Primate= 10-20x stronger than average male Retarded Primate= Incredible fucking Hulk This is the secret to the Saiyan's power. But, in most cases, dumber too. I guess you're new here. Welcome to the internet. I used to work retail and I have to respectfully disagree. As a human being, I have to agree too Did you just.... Agree to disagree? Puts on sunglasses while won't get fooled again plays Sometimes I wonder though... Eh, 50/50 Idk about that. Have you been paying attention to humanity this year? Hey now. Chimps didn't elect Donald Trump. they're twice as strong as humans when adjusted for body weight so a smaller chimp isn't much stronger than a healthy, athletic male. http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/science/2009/02/how_strong_is_a_chimpanzee.html But the "five times" figure was refuted 20 years after Bauman's experiments. In 1943, Glen Finch of the Yale primate laboratory rigged an apparatus to test the arm strength of eight captive chimpanzees. An adult male chimp, he found, pulled about the same weight as an adult man. Once he'd corrected the measurement for their smaller body sizes, chimpanzees did turn out to be stronger than humans—but not by a factor of five or anything close to it. Sweet. I'm gonna go find a chimp that's just under half my size and kick the shit out of it. That should keep them in line for a bit. Well, their threshold for what wouod be the human equivalent of "snapping" is far lower to non-existent. The difference here is gigantic, actually, because animals don't waste time realizing a threat. One has to put into consideration that most people (in the western world at least) are quite... let's say soft ... which can be a huge disadvantage when shit hits the fan. People usually don't go all-in, because they don't want to hurt someone due to the unnatural fear of physical pain, which means someone who lacks this fear will have a huge advantage over most people, no matter the situation. You can reason with a human, but a chimp.... Have you tried reasoning with some people? I want you look at Bonobos it'd scary how close they are to humans I saw a bunch just lying down and it looked like one of them was telling the others a joke. Fuck that. I'll throw a left hook and a straight right at that mother fucker if he comes at me. That chimp will do nuttin' well it depends on if they're fighting to establish social relationships or fighting to kill same with us This. An unarmed human male fighting for his life is a MONUMENTAL threat. Even with no training, humans can do pretty insane damage with their fists and feet, not to mention biting. Human bites are absolutely nightmarish. Our bite force is among the strongest in the whole animal kingdom, especially when compared to the size of our teeth. We can easily eviscerate big chunks of flesh and do permanent damage with a bite. In hand-to-hand combat, most soldiers are trained to kill with what amounts to a two-strike procedure. One move to get the opponent onto the ground, then another move (be it an elbow, a weapon blow, or a boot to the neck). This can seem exaggerated when you see people training or sparring, but that's only because the adrenaline isn't flowing to its fullest extent. In the real, actual fight-or-else-your-opponenent-WILL-KILL-YOU scenario, an average human male WILL be capable of killing just like that. This is so true and nice to see on here. Most men on reddit probably haven't pushed their body to see what they're actually capable of (I really recommend it, that Socrates quote "it is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable" comes to mind). Human males are capable of being really deadly in a number of ways without any weapons. Even in professional MMA fights you occasionally see someone's skull get crushed by a knee by accident. Or look at a typical submission - if they were fighting to the death their opponent would either be dead or have something broken. This is exactly the type of stuff I was thinking about, when I was restraining myself from typing a giant wall of text. XD I think another prime example is to be found in the known activities of WW2 era spec-ops servicemen. Guys in the commandos/SAS/OSS/non-crappy-resistance-units were capable of killing sentries with terrifying speed and efficiency. It's the single most realistic thing about any war movie, as long as they don't go in for that weird two-hands-on-the-head-neck-snap move that I don't think is a real thing anywhere. Prison fights are another instance where we can see how quickly a male human can kill another male human. In a high-security prison, you'll have mere seconds before people are on you, tazing you or shooting you or clubbing you...and yet prison murders are not at all uncommon. I think realizing just how easy it is, physically, to take a life is important too. If you're in New York walking down a crowded street any person who felt like it could shank you, end your life right there without so much as an explanation. That little old lady down the street? She could pull out a revolver and cap your ass tomorrow. That old man you gave the finger for driving 20 in a 30? He could swerve over and put you in the wall. The little girl next door could set your house on fire while you sleep. That sort of power really shows you the fragility of life and the futility of paranoia People don't realize that anyone with a knife can kill you. Like anyone. it takes barely any force to break human skin and even children can push with enough force to sink a sharp knife into your stomach, thigh, neck. Without medical attention these places are death sentences. Depends on what you clsssify as neck snap. If it's the old "tiny twitch and dead" then yeah, it's unrealistic. If, however, it's a proper twist diagonally up and back, then it's definitely a thing. Fuck yeah. This is why I love going to the gym in short fuckin shorts, loading up 450, and squatting to depth until my nugs pop out. I scream and stare at my veiny quads as I arise from my 3 feet below parallel squat and bust a nut all over the mirror Where do you get your drugs from because I want some of that shit. I like the part where you busted a nut For real. For 99% of us, our mind is the greatest limiter, only allowing us paltry displays of our awesome power. For people who learn to work through the mental blocks, their body is capable of unbelievable strengths. After listening to a Navy Seal describe how our mind constantly prevents us from achieving, I've begun working through my own mental blocks while working out and it's a truly awesome display of power. My mantra becomes, "My body will fail before my mind does". You can keep going until your body breaks down, so you have to be really in tune with yourself as to avoid injury. Well humans are a threat when we have a weapon but unarmed we're not that dangerous to other big mammals really. There was a story about this MMA fighter who got attacked by a juvenile chimp... This dude could barely keep a baby chimp at bay and he's in the top 1 percent of humans in hand to hand combat. We are without a doubt the most dangerous and deadly animal on the planet but it is because of our huge brains, creativity, and grasping hands. I hate to be that guy but quick FYI; while I agree with everything you said, eviscerate means to disembowel, the word you're looking for is gouge. While I agree that people have strong bites, I don't think we're capable of disembowelment from a single bite (although that would be a sight to see...) God you made me think of the scene in Saving Private Ryan where the Jewish guy is in hand to hand with the German and he bites his hand and blood comes pouring out. Makes me fucking cringe Uh a chimp could kick a humans ass any day of the week. Humans cant do much when their eyeballs are being eaten. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t1DG-37QhM8 Our bite force is 120 psi, that's nowhere near the strongest, lions are 600, crocodiles are 2,500. You missed your chance to say "an ape will go apeshit". When we organized LARP events, we stopped giving full costumes with masks to our "actors". The players would go crazy and hit only the hands, crotch and face. Usually, they would hit the arms and legs when fighting humans. That's actually really interesting. What were the costumes of? If i feel threatened by an other human being and i come to the conclusion that it's me or him... you can rest assured im a punch him in the throat or dick until I feel safe. Sure, but that's still a far cry from the Chimps. Unless you are using your hands, nails, and teeth to rip off his genitals, bite off his fingers, and tear out his eyes and nose you aren't quite as bad. We will punch until we feel safe, they will rip and tear until their opponent stops moving. This. An unarmed human male fighting for his life is a MONUMENTAL threat. Even with no training, humans can do pretty insane damage with their fists and feet, not to mention biting. Human bites are absolutely nightmarish. Our bite force is among the strongest in the whole animal kingdom, especially when compared to the size of our teeth. We can easily eviscerate big chunks of flesh and do permanent damage with a bite. In hand-to-hand combat, most soldiers are trained to kill with what amounts to a two-strike procedure. One move to get the opponent onto the ground, then another move (be it an elbow, a weapon blow, or a boot to the neck). This can seem exaggerated when you see people training or sparring, but that's only because the adrenaline isn't flowing to its fullest extent. In the real, actual fight-or-else-your-opponenent-WILL-KILL-YOU scenario, an average human male WILL be capable of killing just like that. This is so true and nice to see on here. Most men on reddit probably haven't pushed their body to see what they're actually capable of (I really recommend it, that Socrates quote "it is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable" comes to mind). Human males are capable of being really deadly in a number of ways without any weapons. Even in professional MMA fights you occasionally see someone's skull get crushed by a knee by accident. Or look at a typical submission - if they were fighting to the death their opponent would either be dead or have something broken. This is exactly the type of stuff I was thinking about, when I was restraining myself from typing a giant wall of text. XD I think another prime example is to be found in the known activities of WW2 era spec-ops servicemen. Guys in the commandos/SAS/OSS/non-crappy-resistance-units were capable of killing sentries with terrifying speed and efficiency. It's the single most realistic thing about any war movie, as long as they don't go in for that weird two-hands-on-the-head-neck-snap move that I don't think is a real thing anywhere. Prison fights are another instance where we can see how quickly a male human can kill another male human. In a high-security prison, you'll have mere seconds before people are on you, tazing you or shooting you or clubbing you...and yet prison murders are not at all uncommon. I think realizing just how easy it is, physically, to take a life is important too. If you're in New York walking down a crowded street any person who felt like it could shank you, end your life right there without so much as an explanation. That little old lady down the street? She could pull out a revolver and cap your ass tomorrow. That old man you gave the finger for driving 20 in a 30? He could swerve over and put you in the wall. The little girl next door could set your house on fire while you sleep. That sort of power really shows you the fragility of life and the futility of paranoia People don't realize that anyone with a knife can kill you. Like anyone. it takes barely any force to break human skin and even children can push with enough force to sink a sharp knife into your stomach, thigh, neck. Without medical attention these places are death sentences. Depends on what you clsssify as neck snap. If it's the old "tiny twitch and dead" then yeah, it's unrealistic. If, however, it's a proper twist diagonally up and back, then it's definitely a thing. Fuck yeah. This is why I love going to the gym in short fuckin shorts, loading up 450, and squatting to depth until my nugs pop out. I scream and stare at my veiny quads as I arise from my 3 feet below parallel squat and bust a nut all over the mirror Where do you get your drugs from because I want some of that shit. I like the part where you busted a nut For real. For 99% of us, our mind is the greatest limiter, only allowing us paltry displays of our awesome power. For people who learn to work through the mental blocks, their body is capable of unbelievable strengths. After listening to a Navy Seal describe how our mind constantly prevents us from achieving, I've begun working through my own mental blocks while working out and it's a truly awesome display of power. My mantra becomes, "My body will fail before my mind does". You can keep going until your body breaks down, so you have to be really in tune with yourself as to avoid injury. Well humans are a threat when we have a weapon but unarmed we're not that dangerous to other big mammals really. There was a story about this MMA fighter who got attacked by a juvenile chimp... This dude could barely keep a baby chimp at bay and he's in the top 1 percent of humans in hand to hand combat. We are without a doubt the most dangerous and deadly animal on the planet but it is because of our huge brains, creativity, and grasping hands. I hate to be that guy but quick FYI; while I agree with everything you said, eviscerate means to disembowel, the word you're looking for is gouge. While I agree that people have strong bites, I don't think we're capable of disembowelment from a single bite (although that would be a sight to see...) God you made me think of the scene in Saving Private Ryan where the Jewish guy is in hand to hand with the German and he bites his hand and blood comes pouring out. Makes me fucking cringe Uh a chimp could kick a humans ass any day of the week. Humans cant do much when their eyeballs are being eaten. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t1DG-37QhM8 Our bite force is 120 psi, that's nowhere near the strongest, lions are 600, crocodiles are 2,500. This is so true and nice to see on here. Most men on reddit probably haven't pushed their body to see what they're actually capable of (I really recommend it, that Socrates quote "it is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable" comes to mind). Human males are capable of being really deadly in a number of ways without any weapons. Even in professional MMA fights you occasionally see someone's skull get crushed by a knee by accident. Or look at a typical submission - if they were fighting to the death their opponent would either be dead or have something broken. This is exactly the type of stuff I was thinking about, when I was restraining myself from typing a giant wall of text. XD I think another prime example is to be found in the known activities of WW2 era spec-ops servicemen. Guys in the commandos/SAS/OSS/non-crappy-resistance-units were capable of killing sentries with terrifying speed and efficiency. It's the single most realistic thing about any war movie, as long as they don't go in for that weird two-hands-on-the-head-neck-snap move that I don't think is a real thing anywhere. Prison fights are another instance where we can see how quickly a male human can kill another male human. In a high-security prison, you'll have mere seconds before people are on you, tazing you or shooting you or clubbing you...and yet prison murders are not at all uncommon. I think realizing just how easy it is, physically, to take a life is important too. If you're in New York walking down a crowded street any person who felt like it could shank you, end your life right there without so much as an explanation. That little old lady down the street? She could pull out a revolver and cap your ass tomorrow. That old man you gave the finger for driving 20 in a 30? He could swerve over and put you in the wall. The little girl next door could set your house on fire while you sleep. That sort of power really shows you the fragility of life and the futility of paranoia People don't realize that anyone with a knife can kill you. Like anyone. it takes barely any force to break human skin and even children can push with enough force to sink a sharp knife into your stomach, thigh, neck. Without medical attention these places are death sentences. Depends on what you clsssify as neck snap. If it's the old "tiny twitch and dead" then yeah, it's unrealistic. If, however, it's a proper twist diagonally up and back, then it's definitely a thing. Fuck yeah. This is why I love going to the gym in short fuckin shorts, loading up 450, and squatting to depth until my nugs pop out. I scream and stare at my veiny quads as I arise from my 3 feet below parallel squat and bust a nut all over the mirror Where do you get your drugs from because I want some of that shit. I like the part where you busted a nut For real. For 99% of us, our mind is the greatest limiter, only allowing us paltry displays of our awesome power. For people who learn to work through the mental blocks, their body is capable of unbelievable strengths. After listening to a Navy Seal describe how our mind constantly prevents us from achieving, I've begun working through my own mental blocks while working out and it's a truly awesome display of power. My mantra becomes, "My body will fail before my mind does". You can keep going until your body breaks down, so you have to be really in tune with yourself as to avoid injury. Well humans are a threat when we have a weapon but unarmed we're not that dangerous to other big mammals really. There was a story about this MMA fighter who got attacked by a juvenile chimp... This dude could barely keep a baby chimp at bay and he's in the top 1 percent of humans in hand to hand combat. We are without a doubt the most dangerous and deadly animal on the planet but it is because of our huge brains, creativity, and grasping hands. I hate to be that guy but quick FYI; while I agree with everything you said, eviscerate means to disembowel, the word you're looking for is gouge. While I agree that people have strong bites, I don't think we're capable of disembowelment from a single bite (although that would be a sight to see...) God you made me think of the scene in Saving Private Ryan where the Jewish guy is in hand to hand with the German and he bites his hand and blood comes pouring out. Makes me fucking cringe Uh a chimp could kick a humans ass any day of the week. Humans cant do much when their eyeballs are being eaten. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t1DG-37QhM8 Our bite force is 120 psi, that's nowhere near the strongest, lions are 600, crocodiles are 2,500. This is exactly the type of stuff I was thinking about, when I was restraining myself from typing a giant wall of text. XD I think another prime example is to be found in the known activities of WW2 era spec-ops servicemen. Guys in the commandos/SAS/OSS/non-crappy-resistance-units were capable of killing sentries with terrifying speed and efficiency. It's the single most realistic thing about any war movie, as long as they don't go in for that weird two-hands-on-the-head-neck-snap move that I don't think is a real thing anywhere. Prison fights are another instance where we can see how quickly a male human can kill another male human. In a high-security prison, you'll have mere seconds before people are on you, tazing you or shooting you or clubbing you...and yet prison murders are not at all uncommon. I think realizing just how easy it is, physically, to take a life is important too. If you're in New York walking down a crowded street any person who felt like it could shank you, end your life right there without so much as an explanation. That little old lady down the street? She could pull out a revolver and cap your ass tomorrow. That old man you gave the finger for driving 20 in a 30? He could swerve over and put you in the wall. The little girl next door could set your house on fire while you sleep. That sort of power really shows you the fragility of life and the futility of paranoia People don't realize that anyone with a knife can kill you. Like anyone. it takes barely any force to break human skin and even children can push with enough force to sink a sharp knife into your stomach, thigh, neck. Without medical attention these places are death sentences. Depends on what you clsssify as neck snap. If it's the old "tiny twitch and dead" then yeah, it's unrealistic. If, however, it's a proper twist diagonally up and back, then it's definitely a thing. Fuck yeah. This is why I love going to the gym in short fuckin shorts, loading up 450, and squatting to depth until my nugs pop out. I scream and stare at my veiny quads as I arise from my 3 feet below parallel squat and bust a nut all over the mirror Where do you get your drugs from because I want some of that shit. I like the part where you busted a nut For real. For 99% of us, our mind is the greatest limiter, only allowing us paltry displays of our awesome power. For people who learn to work through the mental blocks, their body is capable of unbelievable strengths. After listening to a Navy Seal describe how our mind constantly prevents us from achieving, I've begun working through my own mental blocks while working out and it's a truly awesome display of power. My mantra becomes, "My body will fail before my mind does". You can keep going until your body breaks down, so you have to be really in tune with yourself as to avoid injury. I think realizing just how easy it is, physically, to take a life is important too. If you're in New York walking down a crowded street any person who felt like it could shank you, end your life right there without so much as an explanation. That little old lady down the street? She could pull out a revolver and cap your ass tomorrow. That old man you gave the finger for driving 20 in a 30? He could swerve over and put you in the wall. The little girl next door could set your house on fire while you sleep. That sort of power really shows you the fragility of life and the futility of paranoia People don't realize that anyone with a knife can kill you. Like anyone. it takes barely any force to break human skin and even children can push with enough force to sink a sharp knife into your stomach, thigh, neck. Without medical attention these places are death sentences. Depends on what you clsssify as neck snap. If it's the old "tiny twitch and dead" then yeah, it's unrealistic. If, however, it's a proper twist diagonally up and back, then it's definitely a thing. People don't realize that anyone with a knife can kill you. Like anyone. it takes barely any force to break human skin and even children can push with enough force to sink a sharp knife into your stomach, thigh, neck. Without medical attention these places are death sentences. Where do you get your drugs from because I want some of that shit. I like the part where you busted a nut That's actually really interesting. What were the costumes of? Sure, but that's still a far cry from the Chimps. Unless you are using your hands, nails, and teeth to rip off his genitals, bite off his fingers, and tear out his eyes and nose you aren't quite as bad. We will punch until we feel safe, they will rip and tear until their opponent stops moving. They're like primitive humans with retard strength Retard Strength=10x stronger than average male. Primate= 10-20x stronger than average male Retarded Primate= Incredible fucking Hulk This is the secret to the Saiyan's power. But, in most cases, dumber too. I guess you're new here. Welcome to the internet. I used to work retail and I have to respectfully disagree. As a human being, I have to agree too Did you just.... Agree to disagree? Puts on sunglasses while won't get fooled again plays Sometimes I wonder though... Eh, 50/50 Idk about that. Have you been paying attention to humanity this year? Hey now. Chimps didn't elect Donald Trump. they're twice as strong as humans when adjusted for body weight so a smaller chimp isn't much stronger than a healthy, athletic male. http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/science/2009/02/how_strong_is_a_chimpanzee.html But the "five times" figure was refuted 20 years after Bauman's experiments. In 1943, Glen Finch of the Yale primate laboratory rigged an apparatus to test the arm strength of eight captive chimpanzees. An adult male chimp, he found, pulled about the same weight as an adult man. Once he'd corrected the measurement for their smaller body sizes, chimpanzees did turn out to be stronger than humans—but not by a factor of five or anything close to it. Sweet. I'm gonna go find a chimp that's just under half my size and kick the shit out of it. That should keep them in line for a bit. Well, their threshold for what wouod be the human equivalent of "snapping" is far lower to non-existent. The difference here is gigantic, actually, because animals don't waste time realizing a threat. One has to put into consideration that most people (in the western world at least) are quite... let's say soft ... which can be a huge disadvantage when shit hits the fan. People usually don't go all-in, because they don't want to hurt someone due to the unnatural fear of physical pain, which means someone who lacks this fear will have a huge advantage over most people, no matter the situation. You can reason with a human, but a chimp.... Have you tried reasoning with some people? Retard Strength=10x stronger than average male. Primate= 10-20x stronger than average male Retarded Primate= Incredible fucking Hulk This is the secret to the Saiyan's power. This is the secret to the Saiyan's power. I guess you're new here. Welcome to the internet. I used to work retail and I have to respectfully disagree. As a human being, I have to agree too Did you just.... Agree to disagree? Puts on sunglasses while won't get fooled again plays Sometimes I wonder though... Eh, 50/50 Idk about that. Have you been paying attention to humanity this year? Hey now. Chimps didn't elect Donald Trump. As a human being, I have to agree too Did you just.... Agree to disagree? Puts on sunglasses while won't get fooled again plays Did you just.... Agree to disagree? Puts on sunglasses while won't get fooled again plays Sweet. I'm gonna go find a chimp that's just under half my size and kick the shit out of it. That should keep them in line for a bit. Have you tried reasoning with some people? Wow they're basically Orcs My god, you're right Shit that's terrifying. Now we just need to paint them green and give them guns. ERE WE GO BOYZ! WAAAAAAGH!!! I think you mean give them the blood of a demon. I think they look more like Warhammer orcs than Warcraft orcs. I'd rather have both though. RED, GOES FASTA! ME GO FACE? YUP Uruk-hai* This is the first time I've seen something like that, and all I have to say is What The Fuck... A majority of animals look pretty horrifying without hair Like bears, which you could be forgiven for mistaking for a chupacabra or something if you ran into one at night. Honestly, I'd say that the bear seems less intimidating without fur. It kind of looks lost and confused. It kind of looks lost and confused. Me too, thanks. TIL a bare bear kind of looks lost and confused. Which ought to make it more terrifying if it becomes aggressive. Imagine that thing just roaring, its face turning into angry expression, and starts running towards you to mall you to death. My mom tried to mall me to death when I was a kid. We were there for hours. I survived though so it can't be that bad. Looks like a kangaroo and an elephant had a baby. "Elephino!" elarooooooooooo Thats no bear son, that's a yaoguai There is a disappointingly small number of pictures of other hairless animals. I had seen the chimps and bear, really wanted to see a hairless tiger or wolf. Be the change you want to see in the world. Battery powered hair clippers and a ghillie suit aren't all that expensive. Just be good at grappling. Yep. That's enough Reddit for today. Am I the only one who thinks we should open a Chimpanzee Gym and dedicate science to see just exactly how swole we can get these m8? I think because of genetis, chimps won't get much bigger than they already are. Muscle is very expensive when it comes to survival, it takes calories to sustain, but muscle, in regards to a chimp is also required for survival. Therefore, the baseline they have is near to their genetic max already. Human brains takes up a lot more calories than a chimp (25% vs 8%). Our genetics dictates that muscle is not needed for survival since we can make tools and don't need strength to survive, which is why our muscular baseline is not quite as high. Instead, more calories is used to fuel our very expensive brains. Now, put us in a gym with a caloric surplus, and the body will give the OK to build muscle. Do the same to a chimp and??? It'd be interesting, but I don't think they'd get bigger. Sounds right but I don't know enough about chimps to disagree Neither do I. I'm just a layman who's thought about this too much. Might be very very wrong. I mean im sure they could feed them steroids and shit too. True. With gear they'd definitly get bigger, no doubt. OINK. if im understanding this correctly, THEY WOULD BE ABLE TO GET SMARTER! If chimps in a gym makes them smarter, do chimps in a school get fucking jacked? Put one on a high dose of testosterone and hgh and igf-1 as well as a very big caloric surplus and I'm sure they will get crazy hooge and unbelievably strong. But of course this is highly dangerous for the chimp and its handlers, as well as extremely unethical. You forgot the 3 scoops of mutant whey. Gotta leave chimpmanity behind Then make them fuck a grapefruit. Don't forget the gnar pump Sounds like the words of someone who doesn't even fucking lift brah. I hear they're prime m8s Didn't expect to see Monkey nuts today... You've been on Reddit for two years now. Let's be honest, you've long given up expecting anything whatsoever. Yeah, you're right... Well, technically you saw ape nuts. The day isn't over though. Not only are the muscular as hell, but each pound of muscle on a chimp provides quite a bit more strength than each pound of muscle in a human. Really gives you perspective. It's like retard strength x10. It's not the muscles themselves so much as the way their nervous system works. Human beings have a lot of fine muscle control (which is why we can do things like brain surgery or other delicate work) and this means that we don't engage all of our muscles to the max when we move our bodies. Chimps on the other hand, don't have this fine degree of control, so their movements engage more muscles all the time (as a side note, it's also very energy inefficient, but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are). If you ever lift weights, or weight train, a lot of your "gainz" actually don't come from just building more muscle mass, but also neurological training - literally training your body to engage more muscles and shift/move the weight better when you engage. An average person can usually increase how much weight they can lift by 50% to 100% within 2-3 months from starting from scratch and that doesn't mean they doubled their muscle, just that they mostly trained their bodies to use the muscles they do have. Aye, that's what I meant with more strength pound for pound. They have greater access to it! but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are No they aren't. they are simply a different branch along the evolutionary timeline. The traits that the chimps evolution favored were muscle and environmental versatility. They evolved to live in the wild, we evolved to live in a society where we push nature away, instead of live alongside it, like chimps. If a chimp, and yourself we both cast out naked in the middle of wilderness, I guarantee that the chimp would last longer than you. Making you the less fit one for that environment. and from an outside observer, that would make the chimp look "more evolved" Human with or without survival training? ... lower down the evolutionary scale than we are. I just want to point out real quick that this is a misleading way to phrase this. Chimps, along with all other currently living organisms on earth have evolved for the same time as us. There's also no single metric for progress or success in evolution. The reason I take this up is that many people who don't believe in evolution seem to share a misunderstanding that the theory of evolution suggests that Man has evolved from chimpanzees, who evolved from some other currently living ape, and that so it goes, from most complex animal to the simplest one. Chimps don't have worse fine motor skills than us because they're behind us, they just specialized in other stuff (like ripping the balls of the other animals). but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are. It's a very human-centric view to think that we're more evolved than another animal. Evolution pushes organisms towards being good at living (and reproducing) in whatever environment they happen to find themselves in. Intelligence and fine motor control are certainly useful evolutionary strategies, but really any trait that keeps you from being dead is a valid strategy. There isn't a perfect form that all life is evolving towards. Evolution pushes organisms towards being good at living (and reproducing) in whatever environment they happen to find themselves in So, basically adapt to reproduce and keep the species alive? Well, we could wipe out all chimps, but they could not wipe us out. Does this not mean we have superior survival capabilities? It's a very human-centric view to think that we're more evolved than another animal. I know, it's species-ist of me. I fully expect the Social Justice Primates to call me out on Twitter for my hate speech. Prejudice aside, it's also an unscientific view. There is no thing as an evolutionary scale or an evolutionary level. Every species is equally as "evolved" as every other one, in that there is no quantifiable metric for evolution at all. It describes a continuous process, not a degree of progress. Well considering we are able to debate these things with people across the planet instantaneously using electrical signals, and chimps are kept in cages and throw shit at each other, I think we are a bit higher up on the scale (if there was one). We're smarter, yes, but we're both equally evolved. Phrasing the question in terms of the degree of evolution is a misstatement. It's not un PC, it's actually wrong I heard somewhere it had to do with the structure of their muscle fibers? Something like the longer the muscle fibers are the less controll but more power they have? Maybe opposite? Hmm idk looking up apes and monkeys for the rest of the night! Which is why we have the occasional "man on pcp lifts car" story. Makes sense. They're probably around 10x more retarded. Wait a second... how do you know a retard's strength x10 that of a human. Have you fought with a retard that was 10 times your strength or have you fought with 10 retards at once? I can tell you that a retard's strength is 10.786 times that of a human. Source: Am Retard You sure are the fuck? http://i.imgur.com/bFu75.gif That looks frightening. Imagine falling into that pit. No harambes there. I don't understand how anyone can deny humans are related to these guys. I don't want to turn this into any sort of a debate (but this is Reddit, I'm preaching the choir I'm sure), but they're almost disturbingly human. Now I miss Harambe again. Why do they all look like they've suffered an anal prolapse? My god, you're right Shit that's terrifying. Now we just need to paint them green and give them guns. ERE WE GO BOYZ! WAAAAAAGH!!! I think you mean give them the blood of a demon. I think they look more like Warhammer orcs than Warcraft orcs. I'd rather have both though. RED, GOES FASTA! ME GO FACE? YUP Uruk-hai* ERE WE GO BOYZ! WAAAAAAGH!!! I think you mean give them the blood of a demon. I think they look more like Warhammer orcs than Warcraft orcs. I'd rather have both though. RED, GOES FASTA! WAAAAAAGH!!! I think they look more like Warhammer orcs than Warcraft orcs. I'd rather have both though. A majority of animals look pretty horrifying without hair Like bears, which you could be forgiven for mistaking for a chupacabra or something if you ran into one at night. Honestly, I'd say that the bear seems less intimidating without fur. It kind of looks lost and confused. It kind of looks lost and confused. Me too, thanks. TIL a bare bear kind of looks lost and confused. Which ought to make it more terrifying if it becomes aggressive. Imagine that thing just roaring, its face turning into angry expression, and starts running towards you to mall you to death. My mom tried to mall me to death when I was a kid. We were there for hours. I survived though so it can't be that bad. Looks like a kangaroo and an elephant had a baby. "Elephino!" elarooooooooooo Thats no bear son, that's a yaoguai There is a disappointingly small number of pictures of other hairless animals. I had seen the chimps and bear, really wanted to see a hairless tiger or wolf. Be the change you want to see in the world. Battery powered hair clippers and a ghillie suit aren't all that expensive. Just be good at grappling. Yep. That's enough Reddit for today. Like bears, which you could be forgiven for mistaking for a chupacabra or something if you ran into one at night. Honestly, I'd say that the bear seems less intimidating without fur. It kind of looks lost and confused. It kind of looks lost and confused. Me too, thanks. TIL a bare bear kind of looks lost and confused. Which ought to make it more terrifying if it becomes aggressive. Imagine that thing just roaring, its face turning into angry expression, and starts running towards you to mall you to death. My mom tried to mall me to death when I was a kid. We were there for hours. I survived though so it can't be that bad. Looks like a kangaroo and an elephant had a baby. "Elephino!" elarooooooooooo Thats no bear son, that's a yaoguai There is a disappointingly small number of pictures of other hairless animals. I had seen the chimps and bear, really wanted to see a hairless tiger or wolf. Be the change you want to see in the world. Battery powered hair clippers and a ghillie suit aren't all that expensive. Just be good at grappling. Honestly, I'd say that the bear seems less intimidating without fur. It kind of looks lost and confused. It kind of looks lost and confused. Me too, thanks. TIL a bare bear kind of looks lost and confused. Which ought to make it more terrifying if it becomes aggressive. Imagine that thing just roaring, its face turning into angry expression, and starts running towards you to mall you to death. My mom tried to mall me to death when I was a kid. We were there for hours. I survived though so it can't be that bad. Looks like a kangaroo and an elephant had a baby. "Elephino!" elarooooooooooo Thats no bear son, that's a yaoguai There is a disappointingly small number of pictures of other hairless animals. I had seen the chimps and bear, really wanted to see a hairless tiger or wolf. Be the change you want to see in the world. Battery powered hair clippers and a ghillie suit aren't all that expensive. Just be good at grappling. It kind of looks lost and confused. Me too, thanks. TIL a bare bear kind of looks lost and confused. Which ought to make it more terrifying if it becomes aggressive. Imagine that thing just roaring, its face turning into angry expression, and starts running towards you to mall you to death. My mom tried to mall me to death when I was a kid. We were there for hours. I survived though so it can't be that bad. TIL a bare bear kind of looks lost and confused. My mom tried to mall me to death when I was a kid. We were there for hours. I survived though so it can't be that bad. "Elephino!" elarooooooooooo Be the change you want to see in the world. Battery powered hair clippers and a ghillie suit aren't all that expensive. Just be good at grappling. I think because of genetis, chimps won't get much bigger than they already are. Muscle is very expensive when it comes to survival, it takes calories to sustain, but muscle, in regards to a chimp is also required for survival. Therefore, the baseline they have is near to their genetic max already. Human brains takes up a lot more calories than a chimp (25% vs 8%). Our genetics dictates that muscle is not needed for survival since we can make tools and don't need strength to survive, which is why our muscular baseline is not quite as high. Instead, more calories is used to fuel our very expensive brains. Now, put us in a gym with a caloric surplus, and the body will give the OK to build muscle. Do the same to a chimp and??? It'd be interesting, but I don't think they'd get bigger. Sounds right but I don't know enough about chimps to disagree Neither do I. I'm just a layman who's thought about this too much. Might be very very wrong. I mean im sure they could feed them steroids and shit too. True. With gear they'd definitly get bigger, no doubt. OINK. if im understanding this correctly, THEY WOULD BE ABLE TO GET SMARTER! If chimps in a gym makes them smarter, do chimps in a school get fucking jacked? Put one on a high dose of testosterone and hgh and igf-1 as well as a very big caloric surplus and I'm sure they will get crazy hooge and unbelievably strong. But of course this is highly dangerous for the chimp and its handlers, as well as extremely unethical. You forgot the 3 scoops of mutant whey. Gotta leave chimpmanity behind Then make them fuck a grapefruit. Don't forget the gnar pump Sounds like the words of someone who doesn't even fucking lift brah. I hear they're prime m8s Sounds right but I don't know enough about chimps to disagree Neither do I. I'm just a layman who's thought about this too much. Might be very very wrong. I mean im sure they could feed them steroids and shit too. True. With gear they'd definitly get bigger, no doubt. OINK. if im understanding this correctly, THEY WOULD BE ABLE TO GET SMARTER! If chimps in a gym makes them smarter, do chimps in a school get fucking jacked? Put one on a high dose of testosterone and hgh and igf-1 as well as a very big caloric surplus and I'm sure they will get crazy hooge and unbelievably strong. But of course this is highly dangerous for the chimp and its handlers, as well as extremely unethical. You forgot the 3 scoops of mutant whey. Gotta leave chimpmanity behind Then make them fuck a grapefruit. Don't forget the gnar pump Sounds like the words of someone who doesn't even fucking lift brah. Neither do I. I'm just a layman who's thought about this too much. Might be very very wrong. I mean im sure they could feed them steroids and shit too. True. With gear they'd definitly get bigger, no doubt. OINK. I mean im sure they could feed them steroids and shit too. True. With gear they'd definitly get bigger, no doubt. OINK. True. With gear they'd definitly get bigger, no doubt. OINK. OINK. If chimps in a gym makes them smarter, do chimps in a school get fucking jacked? You forgot the 3 scoops of mutant whey. Gotta leave chimpmanity behind Then make them fuck a grapefruit. Don't forget the gnar pump You've been on Reddit for two years now. Let's be honest, you've long given up expecting anything whatsoever. Yeah, you're right... Well, technically you saw ape nuts. The day isn't over though. Yeah, you're right... It's not the muscles themselves so much as the way their nervous system works. Human beings have a lot of fine muscle control (which is why we can do things like brain surgery or other delicate work) and this means that we don't engage all of our muscles to the max when we move our bodies. Chimps on the other hand, don't have this fine degree of control, so their movements engage more muscles all the time (as a side note, it's also very energy inefficient, but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are). If you ever lift weights, or weight train, a lot of your "gainz" actually don't come from just building more muscle mass, but also neurological training - literally training your body to engage more muscles and shift/move the weight better when you engage. An average person can usually increase how much weight they can lift by 50% to 100% within 2-3 months from starting from scratch and that doesn't mean they doubled their muscle, just that they mostly trained their bodies to use the muscles they do have. Aye, that's what I meant with more strength pound for pound. They have greater access to it! but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are No they aren't. they are simply a different branch along the evolutionary timeline. The traits that the chimps evolution favored were muscle and environmental versatility. They evolved to live in the wild, we evolved to live in a society where we push nature away, instead of live alongside it, like chimps. If a chimp, and yourself we both cast out naked in the middle of wilderness, I guarantee that the chimp would last longer than you. Making you the less fit one for that environment. and from an outside observer, that would make the chimp look "more evolved" Human with or without survival training? ... lower down the evolutionary scale than we are. I just want to point out real quick that this is a misleading way to phrase this. Chimps, along with all other currently living organisms on earth have evolved for the same time as us. There's also no single metric for progress or success in evolution. The reason I take this up is that many people who don't believe in evolution seem to share a misunderstanding that the theory of evolution suggests that Man has evolved from chimpanzees, who evolved from some other currently living ape, and that so it goes, from most complex animal to the simplest one. Chimps don't have worse fine motor skills than us because they're behind us, they just specialized in other stuff (like ripping the balls of the other animals). but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are. It's a very human-centric view to think that we're more evolved than another animal. Evolution pushes organisms towards being good at living (and reproducing) in whatever environment they happen to find themselves in. Intelligence and fine motor control are certainly useful evolutionary strategies, but really any trait that keeps you from being dead is a valid strategy. There isn't a perfect form that all life is evolving towards. Evolution pushes organisms towards being good at living (and reproducing) in whatever environment they happen to find themselves in So, basically adapt to reproduce and keep the species alive? Well, we could wipe out all chimps, but they could not wipe us out. Does this not mean we have superior survival capabilities? It's a very human-centric view to think that we're more evolved than another animal. I know, it's species-ist of me. I fully expect the Social Justice Primates to call me out on Twitter for my hate speech. Prejudice aside, it's also an unscientific view. There is no thing as an evolutionary scale or an evolutionary level. Every species is equally as "evolved" as every other one, in that there is no quantifiable metric for evolution at all. It describes a continuous process, not a degree of progress. Well considering we are able to debate these things with people across the planet instantaneously using electrical signals, and chimps are kept in cages and throw shit at each other, I think we are a bit higher up on the scale (if there was one). We're smarter, yes, but we're both equally evolved. Phrasing the question in terms of the degree of evolution is a misstatement. It's not un PC, it's actually wrong I heard somewhere it had to do with the structure of their muscle fibers? Something like the longer the muscle fibers are the less controll but more power they have? Maybe opposite? Hmm idk looking up apes and monkeys for the rest of the night! Which is why we have the occasional "man on pcp lifts car" story. Makes sense. They're probably around 10x more retarded. Wait a second... how do you know a retard's strength x10 that of a human. Have you fought with a retard that was 10 times your strength or have you fought with 10 retards at once? I can tell you that a retard's strength is 10.786 times that of a human. Source: Am Retard You sure are the fuck? http://i.imgur.com/bFu75.gif Aye, that's what I meant with more strength pound for pound. They have greater access to it! but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are No they aren't. they are simply a different branch along the evolutionary timeline. The traits that the chimps evolution favored were muscle and environmental versatility. They evolved to live in the wild, we evolved to live in a society where we push nature away, instead of live alongside it, like chimps. If a chimp, and yourself we both cast out naked in the middle of wilderness, I guarantee that the chimp would last longer than you. Making you the less fit one for that environment. and from an outside observer, that would make the chimp look "more evolved" Human with or without survival training? ... lower down the evolutionary scale than we are. I just want to point out real quick that this is a misleading way to phrase this. Chimps, along with all other currently living organisms on earth have evolved for the same time as us. There's also no single metric for progress or success in evolution. The reason I take this up is that many people who don't believe in evolution seem to share a misunderstanding that the theory of evolution suggests that Man has evolved from chimpanzees, who evolved from some other currently living ape, and that so it goes, from most complex animal to the simplest one. Chimps don't have worse fine motor skills than us because they're behind us, they just specialized in other stuff (like ripping the balls of the other animals). but then again they're lower down the evolutionary scale than we are. It's a very human-centric view to think that we're more evolved than another animal. Evolution pushes organisms towards being good at living (and reproducing) in whatever environment they happen to find themselves in. Intelligence and fine motor control are certainly useful evolutionary strategies, but really any trait that keeps you from being dead is a valid strategy. There isn't a perfect form that all life is evolving towards. Evolution pushes organisms towards being good at living (and reproducing) in whatever environment they happen to find themselves in So, basically adapt to reproduce and keep the species alive? Well, we could wipe out all chimps, but they could not wipe us out. Does this not mean we have superior survival capabilities? It's a very human-centric view to think that we're more evolved than another animal. I know, it's species-ist of me. I fully expect the Social Justice Primates to call me out on Twitter for my hate speech. Prejudice aside, it's also an unscientific view. There is no thing as an evolutionary scale or an evolutionary level. Every species is equally as "evolved" as every other one, in that there is no quantifiable metric for evolution at all. It describes a continuous process, not a degree of progress. Well considering we are able to debate these things with people across the planet instantaneously using electrical signals, and chimps are kept in cages and throw shit at each other, I think we are a bit higher up on the scale (if there was one). We're smarter, yes, but we're both equally evolved. Phrasing the question in terms of the degree of evolution is a misstatement. It's not un PC, it's actually wrong I heard somewhere it had to do with the structure of their muscle fibers? Something like the longer the muscle fibers are the less controll but more power they have? Maybe opposite? Hmm idk looking up apes and monkeys for the rest of the night! Which is why we have the occasional "man on pcp lifts car" story. Human with or without survival training? Evolution pushes organisms towards being good at living (and reproducing) in whatever environment they happen to find themselves in So, basically adapt to reproduce and keep the species alive? Well, we could wipe out all chimps, but they could not wipe us out. Does this not mean we have superior survival capabilities? It's a very human-centric view to think that we're more evolved than another animal. I know, it's species-ist of me. I fully expect the Social Justice Primates to call me out on Twitter for my hate speech. Prejudice aside, it's also an unscientific view. There is no thing as an evolutionary scale or an evolutionary level. Every species is equally as "evolved" as every other one, in that there is no quantifiable metric for evolution at all. It describes a continuous process, not a degree of progress. Well considering we are able to debate these things with people across the planet instantaneously using electrical signals, and chimps are kept in cages and throw shit at each other, I think we are a bit higher up on the scale (if there was one). We're smarter, yes, but we're both equally evolved. Phrasing the question in terms of the degree of evolution is a misstatement. It's not un PC, it's actually wrong Prejudice aside, it's also an unscientific view. There is no thing as an evolutionary scale or an evolutionary level. Every species is equally as "evolved" as every other one, in that there is no quantifiable metric for evolution at all. It describes a continuous process, not a degree of progress. Well considering we are able to debate these things with people across the planet instantaneously using electrical signals, and chimps are kept in cages and throw shit at each other, I think we are a bit higher up on the scale (if there was one). We're smarter, yes, but we're both equally evolved. Phrasing the question in terms of the degree of evolution is a misstatement. It's not un PC, it's actually wrong Well considering we are able to debate these things with people across the planet instantaneously using electrical signals, and chimps are kept in cages and throw shit at each other, I think we are a bit higher up on the scale (if there was one). We're smarter, yes, but we're both equally evolved. Phrasing the question in terms of the degree of evolution is a misstatement. We're smarter, yes, but we're both equally evolved. Phrasing the question in terms of the degree of evolution is a misstatement. You sure are the fuck? http://i.imgur.com/bFu75.gif Subscribe Thank you for unsubscribing to Chimp Facts oh my god it happened Thank you for subscribing to God facts!!! Unsubscribe Thank you for your subscription of chimp facts, did you know that no chimps were harmed in the hollocaust? hollocaust really? Hollo, it's me I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet his nose and mouth were ripped off, an eye was gouged out, his left foot was mangled and most of his fingers and buttocks were devoured. oh. A bloody chimp ate me fockin arse m8 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) All the important bits A trauma center can tell you no to services? He nearly bled to death three times as two hospitals denied him entry Denied him entry? Wtf? Denied just means they tell him they aren't equipped to treat him. It means you will die here, get your ass to a trauma center. Do they help him get to a trauma center? Like with an ambulance and stuff? I'm sure they would if they had one. Not all hospitals have a dispatch. Also for all we know they might have stopped at an outpatient clinic or an urgent care center. Cmon now, i doubt someone who keeps a chimp as a pet would be so stupid as to not head stright for a trauma center after suffering trauma 1) He was at a wildlife refuge when he was attacked. 2) He no longer owned the chimp. 3) It wasn't his previously owned chimp that attacked him. That's more WTF than what the chimps did. The only thing I can think of that might make it justifiable (maybe) would be if the first two hospitals simply didn't have the appropriate facilities or staffing. They do mention that he was taken by a trauma center. But even then... it's understandable tho, he was bleeding all over their clean floor. Presumably didn't want the death to count against their stats Edit: this is a gaming joke all bout that k/d baby The locally famous chimp allegedly bit a woman who stuck her finger in his cage in 1999 and had to be removed to an animal sanctuary WTF? Why do people think it's okay to put their fingers in a chimp cage? And then why do they decide to move him to an animal sanctuary? Those animals are smart as hell and obviously bonded with the family. That's like pulling a child out of its family's home and moving it into an orphanage. Fucked up, all because some bitch thought she could put her finger in the cage and couldn't deal with the consequence. See: Harambe "I remember hearing someone say, 'Might as well just take him to the coroner's office,'" Oh, fuck that. I wonder if the owners of this chimp with the HTC Vive think theirs is incapable of such rage. Chimps belong in the wild, not a fucking living room. Bonobo's FTW. They'll just have sex with you if issues arise. He said his New Year's resolution was to stop crying and get out of the house every week. /r/meirl Oh fuck STOP. Thank you for unsubscribing to Chimp Facts oh my god it happened Thank you for subscribing to God facts!!! oh my god it happened Thank you for subscribing to God facts!!! Thank you for subscribing to God facts!!! Thank you for your subscription of chimp facts, did you know that no chimps were harmed in the hollocaust? hollocaust really? Hollo, it's me I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet hollocaust really? Hollo, it's me I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet Hollo, it's me I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet A bloody chimp ate me fockin arse m8 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) All the important bits A trauma center can tell you no to services? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Denied just means they tell him they aren't equipped to treat him. It means you will die here, get your ass to a trauma center. Do they help him get to a trauma center? Like with an ambulance and stuff? I'm sure they would if they had one. Not all hospitals have a dispatch. Also for all we know they might have stopped at an outpatient clinic or an urgent care center. Cmon now, i doubt someone who keeps a chimp as a pet would be so stupid as to not head stright for a trauma center after suffering trauma 1) He was at a wildlife refuge when he was attacked. 2) He no longer owned the chimp. 3) It wasn't his previously owned chimp that attacked him. That's more WTF than what the chimps did. The only thing I can think of that might make it justifiable (maybe) would be if the first two hospitals simply didn't have the appropriate facilities or staffing. They do mention that he was taken by a trauma center. But even then... it's understandable tho, he was bleeding all over their clean floor. Presumably didn't want the death to count against their stats Edit: this is a gaming joke all bout that k/d baby Do they help him get to a trauma center? Like with an ambulance and stuff? I'm sure they would if they had one. Not all hospitals have a dispatch. Also for all we know they might have stopped at an outpatient clinic or an urgent care center. Cmon now, i doubt someone who keeps a chimp as a pet would be so stupid as to not head stright for a trauma center after suffering trauma 1) He was at a wildlife refuge when he was attacked. 2) He no longer owned the chimp. 3) It wasn't his previously owned chimp that attacked him. I'm sure they would if they had one. Not all hospitals have a dispatch. Also for all we know they might have stopped at an outpatient clinic or an urgent care center. Cmon now, i doubt someone who keeps a chimp as a pet would be so stupid as to not head stright for a trauma center after suffering trauma 1) He was at a wildlife refuge when he was attacked. 2) He no longer owned the chimp. 3) It wasn't his previously owned chimp that attacked him. Cmon now, i doubt someone who keeps a chimp as a pet would be so stupid as to not head stright for a trauma center after suffering trauma 1) He was at a wildlife refuge when he was attacked. 2) He no longer owned the chimp. 3) It wasn't his previously owned chimp that attacked him. 1) He was at a wildlife refuge when he was attacked. 2) He no longer owned the chimp. 3) It wasn't his previously owned chimp that attacked him. all bout that k/d baby See: Harambe In this world gone mad, we won't spank the monkey- the monkey will spank us. And after the fall of man, these monkey fucks'll start wearing our clothes and rebuilding the world in their image. Oh and only those as super smart as me will be left alive to bitterly cry - you maniacs! Damn yous! Goddamn yous all to hell! YOU ARE THE ONES WHO ARE THE BALL LICKERS! YOU ARE THE ONES WHO ARE THE BALL LICKERS! Found it. Great story https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=udGAapx7Gok Actual story begins at 0:52—quite a lengthy intro! Nice! That guy is a genuine badass [deleted] Actual story begins at 0:52—quite a lengthy intro! Nice! That guy is a genuine badass [deleted] u underestimate my ignorance <3 you Stephen Hawking is smart as fuck but at the end of the day he still gotta wear diapers <3 you It'll be socially screwed and left rocking back and forth in a sanctuary somewhere one day when this idiot realises an adult chimp is something that might just kill you. This chimp is from the Myrtle Beach Safari... Turns out it is a sanctuary. They also sent a chimp to space tfw when you're just a poor human [removed] r/me_irl Memes. That's why. Born too late to explore the world. Born too early to explore the Universe. Born just in time to explore dank memes. They took our jerbs You can play on a Vive too. They have demos set up everywhere. I'm willing to bet that chimpanzee doesn't own that Vive. Nope, the monkey bought it himself, he got a summer job to afford it. Can confirm. Ape Karl was right. Strange, innit? The closest to a 'demo' I have is a place where you have to pay 5€ then you're allowed to play a Vive game for 2-5 minutes, which is kind of bullshit. It's 150km away from me too. The closest to a real 'demo' that is free and longer than 2-5 minutes is in Stockholm.. (I live in Estonia) Have you considered moving to America? Lol I found a "demo" at one of the malls and it was like 10 dollars for 10 minutes. Hell no They have demos set up everywhere. It comes with free pink eye. everywhere in the US. Not even. I have no idea where I would go for that. Dude it only costs about 1 refrigirator I know right, chimpanzees have gone up in price at Wal-Mart. I said this in a previous comment. But, I'm a beyond broke college student, as in I'm 21 now and I've had to work since I was 15, broke college student, and I was able to get one. It's just all about managing money and making sacrifices. For 8 months I didn't go out or do anything that cost money, and I switched to a corn dog only diet, so food was only $6 a week. And, eventually I was able to save up for it. Edit: since everyone is so set on being an asshole and trying to make some point that just because I made major sacrifices, including with my nutrition as most people would never do that (nor do I suggest doing it, I was only eating ~1200-1400 calories a day) So, you can argue all you want that I'm not broke. At this point I don't give a shit, you're all just being assholes. I had been wanting a VR headset since I was a Sophomore/Junior in high school when I first heard about them (~6 years ago), and once I finally found out I could potentially afford one, I made some major fucking sacrifices to afford to have my dream. I worked my ass off to get my PC and the headset, and I sacrificed so much to afford these. You can all be assholes all you want, but when you only make less than ~$2,000 a year, then yeah, I'm broke. And, here, because this is relevant in explaining that further: http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/5dz0ci/_/da8qw9l It was my dream to own this headset, and I'm not going to let y'all assholes make me feel like shit for it. Fuck y'all. Edit #2: I never told anyone to do this, I was just saying that you could be poor at a certain standard of living, but there are probably sacrifices you can make. Like not going to the movies. Not buying a video game. Using coupons. And, then save that extra money you don't spend. That's what I did and that's all I'm saying. I'm not telling anyone to do this. I was just making conversation, but then everyone decided to be an asshole. But, I'm happy and enjoying my life right now. And, I don't need any assholes on the Internet to tell me otherwise. I'm done arguing or explaining myself. I'm sorry for even commenting in the first place... [20 Years Later] Doctor: it seems like most of your problems stem from an all corndog diet for eight straight months when you were younger. Srry_: stares out the window fondly. That actually made me laugh out loud. Glad someone else gave you gold for that, you deserved it hahaha. If you have $2000 worth of gaming equipment, you're not "beyond broke". If it's taken him years of sacrifices to save up that $2k, then yes, he could easily be broke an have that. It's all about priorities and sacrifices. I mean, I bought my computer off of Craigslist for $400. And, I needed a powerful computer for my major, since I'm in computer science and was wanting to specialize in video game design. And, at that time I was working full time, and after 2 months of saving and eating only at my dorm buffet ($150 a year) I was able to afford it. So, again. Still beyond broke, but I just didn't do shit and saved up money. We can argue this all day, but think about it. I'm a college kid on financial aid and scholarship, so I don't have to feed a family or anything like that, and $20 not spent, is $20 saved. And, do that enough and next thing you know you got a nice PC, that you watched Craigslist for weeks for, and a nice VR headset. There's no need to be a dick. Good for you man, you're right. You have to do something for yourself sometimes. I'm happy you finally have the newest game. I know it feels unbelievable to get a cool new thing when you grow up without much. Thank you. And, it really does. It's also such a great feeling putting in all that hard work, like actually working and making sacrifices, and getting something I'd only dreamed of having, because of that hard work. It's so satisfying. On a side note, it's so awesome to have my friends skeptic of the VIVE, and then I'll have them come over to try it for a couple of hours and once they get out, they're always like, "Wow. It's dark outside now? How long-- Oh, 3 hours. Holy shit." it just makes it worth that much more to see something I worked for making people so happy. If you have a friend, or a Windows Store (I know they have them there at least, not sure where else,) then you need to go try the VIVE. Videos don't do it justice, you have to experience it if you can. Hell, I'd be more than happy to let you try mine, on the weird chance you lived/were going to be in Texas! Sorry for the wall of text haha. But, thank you for your kind words. Priorities, I guess. But why? Yeah games are fun, but there's a fuck ton more to life than them. I couldn't imagine saying no to doing stuff with friends because I was saving for a VR headset... OK, I can get that bit. But you shouldn't sacrifice eating nutritiously for the sake of a game. [removed] r/me_irl Memes. That's why. Born too late to explore the world. Born too early to explore the Universe. Born just in time to explore dank memes. They took our jerbs r/me_irl Memes. That's why. Born too late to explore the world. Born too early to explore the Universe. Born just in time to explore dank memes. Born too late to explore the world. Born too early to explore the Universe. Born just in time to explore dank memes. Nope, the monkey bought it himself, he got a summer job to afford it. Can confirm. Ape Karl was right. Strange, innit? The closest to a 'demo' I have is a place where you have to pay 5€ then you're allowed to play a Vive game for 2-5 minutes, which is kind of bullshit. It's 150km away from me too. The closest to a real 'demo' that is free and longer than 2-5 minutes is in Stockholm.. (I live in Estonia) Have you considered moving to America? Lol I found a "demo" at one of the malls and it was like 10 dollars for 10 minutes. Hell no They have demos set up everywhere. It comes with free pink eye. everywhere in the US. Not even. I have no idea where I would go for that. Can confirm. Ape Karl was right. Strange, innit? Strange, innit? Have you considered moving to America? Lol I found a "demo" at one of the malls and it was like 10 dollars for 10 minutes. Hell no Lol I found a "demo" at one of the malls and it was like 10 dollars for 10 minutes. Hell no Not even. I have no idea where I would go for that. [20 Years Later] Doctor: it seems like most of your problems stem from an all corndog diet for eight straight months when you were younger. Srry_: stares out the window fondly. That actually made me laugh out loud. Glad someone else gave you gold for that, you deserved it hahaha. If you have $2000 worth of gaming equipment, you're not "beyond broke". If it's taken him years of sacrifices to save up that $2k, then yes, he could easily be broke an have that. It's all about priorities and sacrifices. I mean, I bought my computer off of Craigslist for $400. And, I needed a powerful computer for my major, since I'm in computer science and was wanting to specialize in video game design. And, at that time I was working full time, and after 2 months of saving and eating only at my dorm buffet ($150 a year) I was able to afford it. So, again. Still beyond broke, but I just didn't do shit and saved up money. We can argue this all day, but think about it. I'm a college kid on financial aid and scholarship, so I don't have to feed a family or anything like that, and $20 not spent, is $20 saved. And, do that enough and next thing you know you got a nice PC, that you watched Craigslist for weeks for, and a nice VR headset. There's no need to be a dick. Good for you man, you're right. You have to do something for yourself sometimes. I'm happy you finally have the newest game. I know it feels unbelievable to get a cool new thing when you grow up without much. Thank you. And, it really does. It's also such a great feeling putting in all that hard work, like actually working and making sacrifices, and getting something I'd only dreamed of having, because of that hard work. It's so satisfying. On a side note, it's so awesome to have my friends skeptic of the VIVE, and then I'll have them come over to try it for a couple of hours and once they get out, they're always like, "Wow. It's dark outside now? How long-- Oh, 3 hours. Holy shit." it just makes it worth that much more to see something I worked for making people so happy. If you have a friend, or a Windows Store (I know they have them there at least, not sure where else,) then you need to go try the VIVE. Videos don't do it justice, you have to experience it if you can. Hell, I'd be more than happy to let you try mine, on the weird chance you lived/were going to be in Texas! Sorry for the wall of text haha. But, thank you for your kind words. Priorities, I guess. But why? Yeah games are fun, but there's a fuck ton more to life than them. I couldn't imagine saying no to doing stuff with friends because I was saving for a VR headset... OK, I can get that bit. But you shouldn't sacrifice eating nutritiously for the sake of a game. That actually made me laugh out loud. Glad someone else gave you gold for that, you deserved it hahaha. If it's taken him years of sacrifices to save up that $2k, then yes, he could easily be broke an have that. It's all about priorities and sacrifices. I mean, I bought my computer off of Craigslist for $400. And, I needed a powerful computer for my major, since I'm in computer science and was wanting to specialize in video game design. And, at that time I was working full time, and after 2 months of saving and eating only at my dorm buffet ($150 a year) I was able to afford it. So, again. Still beyond broke, but I just didn't do shit and saved up money. We can argue this all day, but think about it. I'm a college kid on financial aid and scholarship, so I don't have to feed a family or anything like that, and $20 not spent, is $20 saved. And, do that enough and next thing you know you got a nice PC, that you watched Craigslist for weeks for, and a nice VR headset. There's no need to be a dick. Good for you man, you're right. You have to do something for yourself sometimes. I'm happy you finally have the newest game. I know it feels unbelievable to get a cool new thing when you grow up without much. Thank you. And, it really does. It's also such a great feeling putting in all that hard work, like actually working and making sacrifices, and getting something I'd only dreamed of having, because of that hard work. It's so satisfying. On a side note, it's so awesome to have my friends skeptic of the VIVE, and then I'll have them come over to try it for a couple of hours and once they get out, they're always like, "Wow. It's dark outside now? How long-- Oh, 3 hours. Holy shit." it just makes it worth that much more to see something I worked for making people so happy. If you have a friend, or a Windows Store (I know they have them there at least, not sure where else,) then you need to go try the VIVE. Videos don't do it justice, you have to experience it if you can. Hell, I'd be more than happy to let you try mine, on the weird chance you lived/were going to be in Texas! Sorry for the wall of text haha. But, thank you for your kind words. Good for you man, you're right. You have to do something for yourself sometimes. I'm happy you finally have the newest game. I know it feels unbelievable to get a cool new thing when you grow up without much. Thank you. And, it really does. It's also such a great feeling putting in all that hard work, like actually working and making sacrifices, and getting something I'd only dreamed of having, because of that hard work. It's so satisfying. On a side note, it's so awesome to have my friends skeptic of the VIVE, and then I'll have them come over to try it for a couple of hours and once they get out, they're always like, "Wow. It's dark outside now? How long-- Oh, 3 hours. Holy shit." it just makes it worth that much more to see something I worked for making people so happy. If you have a friend, or a Windows Store (I know they have them there at least, not sure where else,) then you need to go try the VIVE. Videos don't do it justice, you have to experience it if you can. Hell, I'd be more than happy to let you try mine, on the weird chance you lived/were going to be in Texas! Sorry for the wall of text haha. But, thank you for your kind words. Thank you. And, it really does. It's also such a great feeling putting in all that hard work, like actually working and making sacrifices, and getting something I'd only dreamed of having, because of that hard work. It's so satisfying. On a side note, it's so awesome to have my friends skeptic of the VIVE, and then I'll have them come over to try it for a couple of hours and once they get out, they're always like, "Wow. It's dark outside now? How long-- Oh, 3 hours. Holy shit." it just makes it worth that much more to see something I worked for making people so happy. If you have a friend, or a Windows Store (I know they have them there at least, not sure where else,) then you need to go try the VIVE. Videos don't do it justice, you have to experience it if you can. Hell, I'd be more than happy to let you try mine, on the weird chance you lived/were going to be in Texas! Sorry for the wall of text haha. But, thank you for your kind words. If you can afford a Chimp pet, I don't think you really care that much. If you've bought a wild animal, I don't think you're smart enough for care. Wait, a pet? You're telling me this guy is not a researcher, just stupid enough to keep one in his house? He's wearing Camo. It's clearly a top secret military research project that's been leaked. I'm an "intelligent" human that smashed his 70 inch tv playing the vive.... Vive 70 inch TV Hey it's me ur brother Bring weed and whiskey Sweet, I have both of those things! Username checks out Not when you are so rich you don't even think about the existence of money. "I don't know what it is, but I'm pretty sure I've got a lot of it." If you've bought a wild animal, I don't think you're smart enough for care. Wait, a pet? You're telling me this guy is not a researcher, just stupid enough to keep one in his house? He's wearing Camo. It's clearly a top secret military research project that's been leaked. He's wearing Camo. It's clearly a top secret military research project that's been leaked. Vive 70 inch TV Hey it's me ur brother Bring weed and whiskey Sweet, I have both of those things! Username checks out Bring weed and whiskey Sweet, I have both of those things! Sweet, I have both of those things! "I don't know what it is, but I'm pretty sure I've got a lot of it." The same people who can afford a Vive Edit: twas a joke guys I bought a Vive. Best gaming peripheral ever. I wanted VR since the 80s so I wasn't waiting any longer. Gotta treat yo self once in a while. I know they cost a lot now (especially when you take the cost of a high end PC into account) but in a few years time (4 at the most) the costs on both side will have dropped significantly whilst the tech will continue to improve just like it has with all other popular tech. It'll be as popular as any other gaming format soon enough. Edited: too many monkey jokes. But doesn't it have high upkeep costs? What do you feed it? I like that I'm not the only one who inferred he was talking about a chimpanzee as a gaming peripheral instead of the Vive. >3 Apes. Then what do you feed the apes? Vives, duh. Ah, the ol' reddit peripharoo. I read your comment expecting you to pull a switcharoo and end up talking about you buying a chimp. The problem is not only the cost of the headset but also lack of non demo-like games. Exactly. I've had a rift dev kit 1 and 2 and made a conscious decision to not buy a consumer rift or vive until there are a good amount of triple A games that interest me. That may take a while. I am not sure if we are going to have a lot of triple A games. They tend to cost a lot to develop and the small fraction of consumers who owns/will own a VR headset, not to mention Vive will not generate enough profit. This is why Facebook buying oculus made so much sense, they are the ones who can benefit the most with casual, social type games which cost very little to make. At most I think what we are going to see is racing games and other stationary games where they can make it for both VR and non VR . Oh cool, did you also get a Vive too? Or just the Chimp? Oh no, now you gotta get the wireless version. Dude they're like $800. A basic refrigerator cost more than that. Are we measuring luxury items by cost-per-refrigerator now? Isn't that how everyone measures their luxury items? For me its the measurement of bananas. i have found the chimpanzee Yeah, but how does one acquire it? Sell your refrigerator I fuckin love all y'all Be a person that can afford a Vive. FULL CIRCLE :D One does not simply... aquire a chimpanzee I do the Jack In the Box Taco method. No, that's for size, not cost. What would a banana cost, 10 dollars?! I personally own 8 refrigerators so far.. Look at the guy with his fancy 8 refrigerators in his lamorghini book shelf. By my count a Vive is about 0.75 RFG. Which isn't all that bad, considering a used older car is about 2.3 RFG. My hypothetical fiance's ring must cost two refrigerators and a dishwasher, because I hypothetically love her and she likes nice things. I hypothetically love her Damn, that's cold. Colder than a refrigerator Hypothetically speaking, why would you buy an engagement ring for someone you didn't love? Hypothetically. Hypothetically, is that chimpanzee going to eat your hypothetical fiancée's face? No, only her ring Literally. Like the two refrigerator the ring is worth Cold as the other side of the refrigerator. My hypothetical fiance's ring Is the fiance hypothetical or is the ring hypothetical? What I want to know is the cost in blocks of cheese. What kind of cheese? A fancy cheese Chimpancheez Give or take, around 266 blocks of cheese before tax. My last one hour "date" cost 1/4th of a refrigerator. I measure things in Hot N Readies. Like oh fuck, that Vive costs 160 HNR pfft...look at Mr. Hollywood over here with his refrigerator. ...and not a single lentil to be found. What? I live in France a we got a pretty good refrigerator and it cost 300 euros Sshhhh! Don't let them know! 800 bucks is basically low end on the high priced refrigerator scale. It's easy to get a fridge for less than 400, though most are "apartment" sized. I'm in Japan right now. The AirBnB literally has a fridge the size of my spare beer fridge. So? In Europe $ 300 will get you a A+ brand family-of-6-sized fridge. Maybe not quite but do Americans have normal fridges or freezers like most do in the UK or do you all go for ice making, water dispensing, juice pumping fully plumbed beasts like we see on the sitcoms? Those are normal fridges here. Do y'all just have a box with ice in it? that's what i have with just trays, no ice maker. am american Yeah my fridge was 2k and that was an open box special i looked it up. 250 for a A++. If you want a fancy one with A+++ you pay up to 500. Of course there are more expensive ones, but that is true fore everything. A refrigerator is a necessary appliance for modern, 1st-world society that lasts 15+ years. A Vive is a luxury entertainment device that will be obsolete in the next 5 years. 2 years* Yup, that's my experience too. Never had a refrigerator last more than 2 What the? I've had the same fridge for over 10 years now and the one before that I had for 20 years and it still worked. I only got a newer one because I wanted a bigger size. I've had 4 rental properties, moved out of 3 because a new fridge broke within 2 years, landlord refused to replace for 2 properties, my current lease they replaced it without a problem. Manufacturer's often build to the lowest level they can to ensure it barely makes the warranty period, and rely on people not keeping the paperwork to claim a replacement. Stores sell warranties relying on people not to be aware they already have one and they're entitled to it anyway. My fridge went out recently and I replaced it. The repairman I talked to said that they're lasting about 10 years a piece now. He wasn't wrong the fridge he was replacing was 11 years old and then my sisters went out recently and was 9 years old. I'm sure they said the same thing once about the nintendo---or the xbox----or just about every successful consumer electronic that is now mainstream. The "VIVE" likely won't be around forever in it's first gen form (Well, second gen currently) but i'm willing to be it's not going to fade that quickly as a brand. Also, it has propelled VR much further than literally any other consumer-ready product on the market...so I think VR is something you're going to see blow up more and more, so long as big companies continue to stand behind it. Not even close to $800 Not everyone can afford a Vive, that shit is pricey. Like 3 months of car payments+insurance pricey. Honestly I'd rather own a 12 year old car than have to deal with 12 year payments. Saves on insurance and monthly expenses. Yeah, gotta save up for awhile. But it's very possible. It's all a trade off. The 12 year old car will have no warranty and most likely lots of problems. Parts and labor adds up. Sometimes buying new is cheaper. ok, 12 years might be a little much, but a new car is never going to be cheaper than a used car. Sometimes. Sometimes not. Pretty good read on it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/25a0if/article_of_the_week_the_market_for_lemons_akerlof/ Though modern efforts to track problematic cars are changing this with things like CarFax and such. That's false. My old Chevy that I bought to save money has cost me more than my new Acura would've cost me in one year. how? Probably repairs. Depending on how old the Chevy was, fuel costs could be significant as well. I had a similar situation with my old truck, it kept breaking and the monthly cost of my payment, fuel, maintenance, and credit card bills (for the repairs) cost more than my new truck's monthly payments. My new truck's warranty has all maintenance covered, so effectively my only bills are fuel and car payment, which are still about 200 a month less than the total I spent on the old truck. I have a 16year old that I anticipate is going to last me 5 more years. just have to take care of it and change the oil and not neglect maintenance :D 2000 Acura with 150k miles on it. I think I'm going to get tired of it and want something nicer before it actually dies on me Thought you were describing your kid for a second there.... Lol, 12 years is too old? Jeez. We still driving Jap imports from the late 80s down here in Kiwiland! In America, all you need to do to buy expensive shit is to plunge yourself into debt and have someone tell you that you totally should. I've got a 2003 hyundai elentra, no problems so far, and it's been a 12 year old car for like 2 years! That's silly and depends on brand. 12 year old Jeep? Maybe. I have two 28 year old Toyotas and a 29 year old schoolbus and the cost breaks down as follows. 88 Pickup purchased in 2012 $1200, Over the past 4 years I've probably put about 800 into misc maintenance (new tires, oil change, etc.) 88 Corolla purchased last year for $1,000 I have yet to put any money into this aside from title transfers. Both have been driven daily for the past year by my wife and I. Both combine cost about $3,000 including all parts and maintenance. My schoolbus is a different story, that has cost about $6,000 total so far. Regardless for $9k over 4 years I have 3 vehicles, a pickup, economy car and a schoolbus. I believe that is about half the cost of a lower end new car. I wish my car payment was that cheap Damn how much is your car payment?! I pay $300 a month and I thought that was high lol. Neighbour of mine paid about $750 per month on his (at the time) brand new G37. Including insurance he paid around a grand a month Damn.. I'd never have a payment like that. I always had something to trade in plus I'd save up a down payment to bring it down quite a bit. thats like a whole 12 months of insurance for a stupid 20 year old male source:am one edit:who also happens to own a vive... A basic refrigerator is 3-600$. I got my fridge for like NZ100. It's a Kelvinator. Probably older than I am. Super basic, does a great job. CHECKMATE. Seriously though who spends US800 on a "basic" fridge? I don't know where you get your chimps, but in Toronto they start at $950. I could swing that. Where do you buy your refregirators?? I got mine for 250 and even that felt expensive You forgot the 1500$ computer VR ready computer is around 750$ already Refrigerator is also a critical appliance in most homes. Wut? My fridge/freezer cost me like, £200, as opposed to the £700 price tag for the Vive... Yeah but you pretty much need a fridge. Plus you gotta factor in the expensive graphics card you'll need to run it. And the games cost money. + PC cost You have to pre-order the game. I will wear my monkey outfit if I get to play on a vive. It's the only way to play in VR Looking at the decorations in the room....an oil rich region. One where everyone has a sports car and a real cheetah as an accessory to that car. Those are definitely Hindu deities. So India maybe? It's an animal sanctuary in myrtle beach. http://instagram.com/docantle nice find! It's literally in the title of the imgur link you posted... Lol. Can people just not see that watermark on the video? No. No, I could not. I did try though. It's not really a sanctuary, since they do a shitton of breeding, but it functions as a zoo or wildlife park. hanuman's crib little known fact that all arab oil sheikhs are hindu Pre-order bonus. I bought a Vive. Best gaming peripheral ever. I wanted VR since the 80s so I wasn't waiting any longer. Gotta treat yo self once in a while. I know they cost a lot now (especially when you take the cost of a high end PC into account) but in a few years time (4 at the most) the costs on both side will have dropped significantly whilst the tech will continue to improve just like it has with all other popular tech. It'll be as popular as any other gaming format soon enough. Edited: too many monkey jokes. But doesn't it have high upkeep costs? What do you feed it? I like that I'm not the only one who inferred he was talking about a chimpanzee as a gaming peripheral instead of the Vive. >3 Apes. Then what do you feed the apes? Vives, duh. Ah, the ol' reddit peripharoo. I read your comment expecting you to pull a switcharoo and end up talking about you buying a chimp. The problem is not only the cost of the headset but also lack of non demo-like games. Exactly. I've had a rift dev kit 1 and 2 and made a conscious decision to not buy a consumer rift or vive until there are a good amount of triple A games that interest me. That may take a while. I am not sure if we are going to have a lot of triple A games. They tend to cost a lot to develop and the small fraction of consumers who owns/will own a VR headset, not to mention Vive will not generate enough profit. This is why Facebook buying oculus made so much sense, they are the ones who can benefit the most with casual, social type games which cost very little to make. At most I think what we are going to see is racing games and other stationary games where they can make it for both VR and non VR . Oh cool, did you also get a Vive too? Or just the Chimp? Oh no, now you gotta get the wireless version. Dude they're like $800. A basic refrigerator cost more than that. Are we measuring luxury items by cost-per-refrigerator now? Isn't that how everyone measures their luxury items? For me its the measurement of bananas. i have found the chimpanzee Yeah, but how does one acquire it? Sell your refrigerator I fuckin love all y'all Be a person that can afford a Vive. FULL CIRCLE :D One does not simply... aquire a chimpanzee I do the Jack In the Box Taco method. No, that's for size, not cost. What would a banana cost, 10 dollars?! I personally own 8 refrigerators so far.. Look at the guy with his fancy 8 refrigerators in his lamorghini book shelf. By my count a Vive is about 0.75 RFG. Which isn't all that bad, considering a used older car is about 2.3 RFG. My hypothetical fiance's ring must cost two refrigerators and a dishwasher, because I hypothetically love her and she likes nice things. I hypothetically love her Damn, that's cold. Colder than a refrigerator Hypothetically speaking, why would you buy an engagement ring for someone you didn't love? Hypothetically. Hypothetically, is that chimpanzee going to eat your hypothetical fiancée's face? No, only her ring Literally. Like the two refrigerator the ring is worth Cold as the other side of the refrigerator. My hypothetical fiance's ring Is the fiance hypothetical or is the ring hypothetical? What I want to know is the cost in blocks of cheese. What kind of cheese? A fancy cheese Chimpancheez Give or take, around 266 blocks of cheese before tax. My last one hour "date" cost 1/4th of a refrigerator. I measure things in Hot N Readies. Like oh fuck, that Vive costs 160 HNR pfft...look at Mr. Hollywood over here with his refrigerator. ...and not a single lentil to be found. What? I live in France a we got a pretty good refrigerator and it cost 300 euros Sshhhh! Don't let them know! 800 bucks is basically low end on the high priced refrigerator scale. It's easy to get a fridge for less than 400, though most are "apartment" sized. I'm in Japan right now. The AirBnB literally has a fridge the size of my spare beer fridge. So? In Europe $ 300 will get you a A+ brand family-of-6-sized fridge. Maybe not quite but do Americans have normal fridges or freezers like most do in the UK or do you all go for ice making, water dispensing, juice pumping fully plumbed beasts like we see on the sitcoms? Those are normal fridges here. Do y'all just have a box with ice in it? that's what i have with just trays, no ice maker. am american Yeah my fridge was 2k and that was an open box special i looked it up. 250 for a A++. If you want a fancy one with A+++ you pay up to 500. Of course there are more expensive ones, but that is true fore everything. A refrigerator is a necessary appliance for modern, 1st-world society that lasts 15+ years. A Vive is a luxury entertainment device that will be obsolete in the next 5 years. 2 years* Yup, that's my experience too. Never had a refrigerator last more than 2 What the? I've had the same fridge for over 10 years now and the one before that I had for 20 years and it still worked. I only got a newer one because I wanted a bigger size. I've had 4 rental properties, moved out of 3 because a new fridge broke within 2 years, landlord refused to replace for 2 properties, my current lease they replaced it without a problem. Manufacturer's often build to the lowest level they can to ensure it barely makes the warranty period, and rely on people not keeping the paperwork to claim a replacement. Stores sell warranties relying on people not to be aware they already have one and they're entitled to it anyway. My fridge went out recently and I replaced it. The repairman I talked to said that they're lasting about 10 years a piece now. He wasn't wrong the fridge he was replacing was 11 years old and then my sisters went out recently and was 9 years old. I'm sure they said the same thing once about the nintendo---or the xbox----or just about every successful consumer electronic that is now mainstream. The "VIVE" likely won't be around forever in it's first gen form (Well, second gen currently) but i'm willing to be it's not going to fade that quickly as a brand. Also, it has propelled VR much further than literally any other consumer-ready product on the market...so I think VR is something you're going to see blow up more and more, so long as big companies continue to stand behind it. Not even close to $800 Not everyone can afford a Vive, that shit is pricey. Like 3 months of car payments+insurance pricey. Honestly I'd rather own a 12 year old car than have to deal with 12 year payments. Saves on insurance and monthly expenses. Yeah, gotta save up for awhile. But it's very possible. It's all a trade off. The 12 year old car will have no warranty and most likely lots of problems. Parts and labor adds up. Sometimes buying new is cheaper. ok, 12 years might be a little much, but a new car is never going to be cheaper than a used car. Sometimes. Sometimes not. Pretty good read on it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/25a0if/article_of_the_week_the_market_for_lemons_akerlof/ Though modern efforts to track problematic cars are changing this with things like CarFax and such. That's false. My old Chevy that I bought to save money has cost me more than my new Acura would've cost me in one year. how? Probably repairs. Depending on how old the Chevy was, fuel costs could be significant as well. I had a similar situation with my old truck, it kept breaking and the monthly cost of my payment, fuel, maintenance, and credit card bills (for the repairs) cost more than my new truck's monthly payments. My new truck's warranty has all maintenance covered, so effectively my only bills are fuel and car payment, which are still about 200 a month less than the total I spent on the old truck. I have a 16year old that I anticipate is going to last me 5 more years. just have to take care of it and change the oil and not neglect maintenance :D 2000 Acura with 150k miles on it. I think I'm going to get tired of it and want something nicer before it actually dies on me Thought you were describing your kid for a second there.... Lol, 12 years is too old? Jeez. We still driving Jap imports from the late 80s down here in Kiwiland! In America, all you need to do to buy expensive shit is to plunge yourself into debt and have someone tell you that you totally should. I've got a 2003 hyundai elentra, no problems so far, and it's been a 12 year old car for like 2 years! That's silly and depends on brand. 12 year old Jeep? Maybe. I have two 28 year old Toyotas and a 29 year old schoolbus and the cost breaks down as follows. 88 Pickup purchased in 2012 $1200, Over the past 4 years I've probably put about 800 into misc maintenance (new tires, oil change, etc.) 88 Corolla purchased last year for $1,000 I have yet to put any money into this aside from title transfers. Both have been driven daily for the past year by my wife and I. Both combine cost about $3,000 including all parts and maintenance. My schoolbus is a different story, that has cost about $6,000 total so far. Regardless for $9k over 4 years I have 3 vehicles, a pickup, economy car and a schoolbus. I believe that is about half the cost of a lower end new car. I wish my car payment was that cheap Damn how much is your car payment?! I pay $300 a month and I thought that was high lol. Neighbour of mine paid about $750 per month on his (at the time) brand new G37. Including insurance he paid around a grand a month Damn.. I'd never have a payment like that. I always had something to trade in plus I'd save up a down payment to bring it down quite a bit. thats like a whole 12 months of insurance for a stupid 20 year old male source:am one edit:who also happens to own a vive... A basic refrigerator is 3-600$. I got my fridge for like NZ100. It's a Kelvinator. Probably older than I am. Super basic, does a great job. CHECKMATE. Seriously though who spends US800 on a "basic" fridge? I don't know where you get your chimps, but in Toronto they start at $950. I could swing that. Where do you buy your refregirators?? I got mine for 250 and even that felt expensive You forgot the 1500$ computer VR ready computer is around 750$ already Refrigerator is also a critical appliance in most homes. Wut? My fridge/freezer cost me like, £200, as opposed to the £700 price tag for the Vive... Yeah but you pretty much need a fridge. Plus you gotta factor in the expensive graphics card you'll need to run it. And the games cost money. + PC cost But doesn't it have high upkeep costs? What do you feed it? I like that I'm not the only one who inferred he was talking about a chimpanzee as a gaming peripheral instead of the Vive. >3 Apes. Then what do you feed the apes? Vives, duh. Ah, the ol' reddit peripharoo. I read your comment expecting you to pull a switcharoo and end up talking about you buying a chimp. The problem is not only the cost of the headset but also lack of non demo-like games. Exactly. I've had a rift dev kit 1 and 2 and made a conscious decision to not buy a consumer rift or vive until there are a good amount of triple A games that interest me. That may take a while. I am not sure if we are going to have a lot of triple A games. They tend to cost a lot to develop and the small fraction of consumers who owns/will own a VR headset, not to mention Vive will not generate enough profit. This is why Facebook buying oculus made so much sense, they are the ones who can benefit the most with casual, social type games which cost very little to make. At most I think what we are going to see is racing games and other stationary games where they can make it for both VR and non VR . Oh cool, did you also get a Vive too? Or just the Chimp? Oh no, now you gotta get the wireless version. I like that I'm not the only one who inferred he was talking about a chimpanzee as a gaming peripheral instead of the Vive. >3 Apes. Then what do you feed the apes? Vives, duh. Ah, the ol' reddit peripharoo. Then what do you feed the apes? Vives, duh. Vives, duh. Exactly. I've had a rift dev kit 1 and 2 and made a conscious decision to not buy a consumer rift or vive until there are a good amount of triple A games that interest me. That may take a while. I am not sure if we are going to have a lot of triple A games. They tend to cost a lot to develop and the small fraction of consumers who owns/will own a VR headset, not to mention Vive will not generate enough profit. This is why Facebook buying oculus made so much sense, they are the ones who can benefit the most with casual, social type games which cost very little to make. At most I think what we are going to see is racing games and other stationary games where they can make it for both VR and non VR . I am not sure if we are going to have a lot of triple A games. They tend to cost a lot to develop and the small fraction of consumers who owns/will own a VR headset, not to mention Vive will not generate enough profit. This is why Facebook buying oculus made so much sense, they are the ones who can benefit the most with casual, social type games which cost very little to make. At most I think what we are going to see is racing games and other stationary games where they can make it for both VR and non VR . Are we measuring luxury items by cost-per-refrigerator now? Isn't that how everyone measures their luxury items? For me its the measurement of bananas. i have found the chimpanzee Yeah, but how does one acquire it? Sell your refrigerator I fuckin love all y'all Be a person that can afford a Vive. FULL CIRCLE :D One does not simply... aquire a chimpanzee I do the Jack In the Box Taco method. No, that's for size, not cost. What would a banana cost, 10 dollars?! I personally own 8 refrigerators so far.. Look at the guy with his fancy 8 refrigerators in his lamorghini book shelf. By my count a Vive is about 0.75 RFG. Which isn't all that bad, considering a used older car is about 2.3 RFG. My hypothetical fiance's ring must cost two refrigerators and a dishwasher, because I hypothetically love her and she likes nice things. I hypothetically love her Damn, that's cold. Colder than a refrigerator Hypothetically speaking, why would you buy an engagement ring for someone you didn't love? Hypothetically. Hypothetically, is that chimpanzee going to eat your hypothetical fiancée's face? No, only her ring Literally. Like the two refrigerator the ring is worth Cold as the other side of the refrigerator. My hypothetical fiance's ring Is the fiance hypothetical or is the ring hypothetical? What I want to know is the cost in blocks of cheese. What kind of cheese? A fancy cheese Chimpancheez Give or take, around 266 blocks of cheese before tax. My last one hour "date" cost 1/4th of a refrigerator. I measure things in Hot N Readies. Like oh fuck, that Vive costs 160 HNR pfft...look at Mr. Hollywood over here with his refrigerator. ...and not a single lentil to be found. What? I live in France a we got a pretty good refrigerator and it cost 300 euros Sshhhh! Don't let them know! 800 bucks is basically low end on the high priced refrigerator scale. It's easy to get a fridge for less than 400, though most are "apartment" sized. I'm in Japan right now. The AirBnB literally has a fridge the size of my spare beer fridge. So? In Europe $ 300 will get you a A+ brand family-of-6-sized fridge. Maybe not quite but do Americans have normal fridges or freezers like most do in the UK or do you all go for ice making, water dispensing, juice pumping fully plumbed beasts like we see on the sitcoms? Those are normal fridges here. Do y'all just have a box with ice in it? that's what i have with just trays, no ice maker. am american Yeah my fridge was 2k and that was an open box special i looked it up. 250 for a A++. If you want a fancy one with A+++ you pay up to 500. Of course there are more expensive ones, but that is true fore everything. A refrigerator is a necessary appliance for modern, 1st-world society that lasts 15+ years. A Vive is a luxury entertainment device that will be obsolete in the next 5 years. 2 years* Yup, that's my experience too. Never had a refrigerator last more than 2 What the? I've had the same fridge for over 10 years now and the one before that I had for 20 years and it still worked. I only got a newer one because I wanted a bigger size. I've had 4 rental properties, moved out of 3 because a new fridge broke within 2 years, landlord refused to replace for 2 properties, my current lease they replaced it without a problem. Manufacturer's often build to the lowest level they can to ensure it barely makes the warranty period, and rely on people not keeping the paperwork to claim a replacement. Stores sell warranties relying on people not to be aware they already have one and they're entitled to it anyway. My fridge went out recently and I replaced it. The repairman I talked to said that they're lasting about 10 years a piece now. He wasn't wrong the fridge he was replacing was 11 years old and then my sisters went out recently and was 9 years old. I'm sure they said the same thing once about the nintendo---or the xbox----or just about every successful consumer electronic that is now mainstream. The "VIVE" likely won't be around forever in it's first gen form (Well, second gen currently) but i'm willing to be it's not going to fade that quickly as a brand. Also, it has propelled VR much further than literally any other consumer-ready product on the market...so I think VR is something you're going to see blow up more and more, so long as big companies continue to stand behind it. Not even close to $800 Not everyone can afford a Vive, that shit is pricey. Like 3 months of car payments+insurance pricey. Honestly I'd rather own a 12 year old car than have to deal with 12 year payments. Saves on insurance and monthly expenses. Yeah, gotta save up for awhile. But it's very possible. It's all a trade off. The 12 year old car will have no warranty and most likely lots of problems. Parts and labor adds up. Sometimes buying new is cheaper. ok, 12 years might be a little much, but a new car is never going to be cheaper than a used car. Sometimes. Sometimes not. Pretty good read on it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/25a0if/article_of_the_week_the_market_for_lemons_akerlof/ Though modern efforts to track problematic cars are changing this with things like CarFax and such. That's false. My old Chevy that I bought to save money has cost me more than my new Acura would've cost me in one year. how? Probably repairs. Depending on how old the Chevy was, fuel costs could be significant as well. I had a similar situation with my old truck, it kept breaking and the monthly cost of my payment, fuel, maintenance, and credit card bills (for the repairs) cost more than my new truck's monthly payments. My new truck's warranty has all maintenance covered, so effectively my only bills are fuel and car payment, which are still about 200 a month less than the total I spent on the old truck. I have a 16year old that I anticipate is going to last me 5 more years. just have to take care of it and change the oil and not neglect maintenance :D 2000 Acura with 150k miles on it. I think I'm going to get tired of it and want something nicer before it actually dies on me Thought you were describing your kid for a second there.... Lol, 12 years is too old? Jeez. We still driving Jap imports from the late 80s down here in Kiwiland! In America, all you need to do to buy expensive shit is to plunge yourself into debt and have someone tell you that you totally should. I've got a 2003 hyundai elentra, no problems so far, and it's been a 12 year old car for like 2 years! That's silly and depends on brand. 12 year old Jeep? Maybe. I have two 28 year old Toyotas and a 29 year old schoolbus and the cost breaks down as follows. 88 Pickup purchased in 2012 $1200, Over the past 4 years I've probably put about 800 into misc maintenance (new tires, oil change, etc.) 88 Corolla purchased last year for $1,000 I have yet to put any money into this aside from title transfers. Both have been driven daily for the past year by my wife and I. Both combine cost about $3,000 including all parts and maintenance. My schoolbus is a different story, that has cost about $6,000 total so far. Regardless for $9k over 4 years I have 3 vehicles, a pickup, economy car and a schoolbus. I believe that is about half the cost of a lower end new car. I wish my car payment was that cheap Damn how much is your car payment?! I pay $300 a month and I thought that was high lol. Neighbour of mine paid about $750 per month on his (at the time) brand new G37. Including insurance he paid around a grand a month Damn.. I'd never have a payment like that. I always had something to trade in plus I'd save up a down payment to bring it down quite a bit. thats like a whole 12 months of insurance for a stupid 20 year old male source:am one edit:who also happens to own a vive... A basic refrigerator is 3-600$. I got my fridge for like NZ100. It's a Kelvinator. Probably older than I am. Super basic, does a great job. CHECKMATE. Seriously though who spends US800 on a "basic" fridge? I don't know where you get your chimps, but in Toronto they start at $950. I could swing that. Where do you buy your refregirators?? I got mine for 250 and even that felt expensive You forgot the 1500$ computer VR ready computer is around 750$ already Refrigerator is also a critical appliance in most homes. Wut? My fridge/freezer cost me like, £200, as opposed to the £700 price tag for the Vive... Yeah but you pretty much need a fridge. Plus you gotta factor in the expensive graphics card you'll need to run it. And the games cost money. + PC cost Isn't that how everyone measures their luxury items? For me its the measurement of bananas. i have found the chimpanzee Yeah, but how does one acquire it? Sell your refrigerator I fuckin love all y'all Be a person that can afford a Vive. FULL CIRCLE :D One does not simply... aquire a chimpanzee I do the Jack In the Box Taco method. No, that's for size, not cost. What would a banana cost, 10 dollars?! I personally own 8 refrigerators so far.. Look at the guy with his fancy 8 refrigerators in his lamorghini book shelf. By my count a Vive is about 0.75 RFG. Which isn't all that bad, considering a used older car is about 2.3 RFG. My hypothetical fiance's ring must cost two refrigerators and a dishwasher, because I hypothetically love her and she likes nice things. I hypothetically love her Damn, that's cold. Colder than a refrigerator Hypothetically speaking, why would you buy an engagement ring for someone you didn't love? Hypothetically. Hypothetically, is that chimpanzee going to eat your hypothetical fiancée's face? No, only her ring Literally. Like the two refrigerator the ring is worth Cold as the other side of the refrigerator. My hypothetical fiance's ring Is the fiance hypothetical or is the ring hypothetical? What I want to know is the cost in blocks of cheese. What kind of cheese? A fancy cheese Chimpancheez Give or take, around 266 blocks of cheese before tax. My last one hour "date" cost 1/4th of a refrigerator. I measure things in Hot N Readies. Like oh fuck, that Vive costs 160 HNR For me its the measurement of bananas. i have found the chimpanzee Yeah, but how does one acquire it? Sell your refrigerator I fuckin love all y'all Be a person that can afford a Vive. FULL CIRCLE :D One does not simply... aquire a chimpanzee I do the Jack In the Box Taco method. No, that's for size, not cost. What would a banana cost, 10 dollars?! I personally own 8 refrigerators so far.. Look at the guy with his fancy 8 refrigerators in his lamorghini book shelf. i have found the chimpanzee Yeah, but how does one acquire it? Sell your refrigerator I fuckin love all y'all Be a person that can afford a Vive. FULL CIRCLE :D One does not simply... aquire a chimpanzee I do the Jack In the Box Taco method. No, that's for size, not cost. What would a banana cost, 10 dollars?! Yeah, but how does one acquire it? Sell your refrigerator I fuckin love all y'all Be a person that can afford a Vive. FULL CIRCLE :D One does not simply... aquire a chimpanzee Sell your refrigerator I fuckin love all y'all Be a person that can afford a Vive. FULL CIRCLE :D One does not simply... aquire a chimpanzee I fuckin love all y'all Look at the guy with his fancy 8 refrigerators in his lamorghini book shelf. I hypothetically love her Damn, that's cold. Colder than a refrigerator Hypothetically speaking, why would you buy an engagement ring for someone you didn't love? Hypothetically. Hypothetically, is that chimpanzee going to eat your hypothetical fiancée's face? No, only her ring Literally. Like the two refrigerator the ring is worth Cold as the other side of the refrigerator. My hypothetical fiance's ring Is the fiance hypothetical or is the ring hypothetical? Colder than a refrigerator Hypothetically speaking, why would you buy an engagement ring for someone you didn't love? Hypothetically. Hypothetically, is that chimpanzee going to eat your hypothetical fiancée's face? No, only her ring Literally. Like the two refrigerator the ring is worth Cold as the other side of the refrigerator. Hypothetically, is that chimpanzee going to eat your hypothetical fiancée's face? No, only her ring Literally. No, only her ring Literally. What kind of cheese? A fancy cheese Chimpancheez Give or take, around 266 blocks of cheese before tax. A fancy cheese Chimpancheez Chimpancheez ...and not a single lentil to be found. Sshhhh! Don't let them know! 800 bucks is basically low end on the high priced refrigerator scale. It's easy to get a fridge for less than 400, though most are "apartment" sized. I'm in Japan right now. The AirBnB literally has a fridge the size of my spare beer fridge. So? In Europe $ 300 will get you a A+ brand family-of-6-sized fridge. Maybe not quite but do Americans have normal fridges or freezers like most do in the UK or do you all go for ice making, water dispensing, juice pumping fully plumbed beasts like we see on the sitcoms? Those are normal fridges here. Do y'all just have a box with ice in it? that's what i have with just trays, no ice maker. am american Yeah my fridge was 2k and that was an open box special i looked it up. 250 for a A++. If you want a fancy one with A+++ you pay up to 500. Of course there are more expensive ones, but that is true fore everything. 800 bucks is basically low end on the high priced refrigerator scale. It's easy to get a fridge for less than 400, though most are "apartment" sized. I'm in Japan right now. The AirBnB literally has a fridge the size of my spare beer fridge. So? In Europe $ 300 will get you a A+ brand family-of-6-sized fridge. Maybe not quite but do Americans have normal fridges or freezers like most do in the UK or do you all go for ice making, water dispensing, juice pumping fully plumbed beasts like we see on the sitcoms? Those are normal fridges here. Do y'all just have a box with ice in it? that's what i have with just trays, no ice maker. am american Yeah my fridge was 2k and that was an open box special i looked it up. 250 for a A++. If you want a fancy one with A+++ you pay up to 500. Of course there are more expensive ones, but that is true fore everything. So? In Europe $ 300 will get you a A+ brand family-of-6-sized fridge. Maybe not quite but do Americans have normal fridges or freezers like most do in the UK or do you all go for ice making, water dispensing, juice pumping fully plumbed beasts like we see on the sitcoms? Those are normal fridges here. Do y'all just have a box with ice in it? that's what i have with just trays, no ice maker. am american Yeah my fridge was 2k and that was an open box special i looked it up. 250 for a A++. If you want a fancy one with A+++ you pay up to 500. Of course there are more expensive ones, but that is true fore everything. Maybe not quite but do Americans have normal fridges or freezers like most do in the UK or do you all go for ice making, water dispensing, juice pumping fully plumbed beasts like we see on the sitcoms? Those are normal fridges here. Do y'all just have a box with ice in it? that's what i have with just trays, no ice maker. am american Yeah my fridge was 2k and that was an open box special i looked it up. 250 for a A++. If you want a fancy one with A+++ you pay up to 500. Of course there are more expensive ones, but that is true fore everything. Those are normal fridges here. Do y'all just have a box with ice in it? that's what i have with just trays, no ice maker. am american Yeah my fridge was 2k and that was an open box special that's what i have with just trays, no ice maker. am american 2 years* Yup, that's my experience too. Never had a refrigerator last more than 2 What the? I've had the same fridge for over 10 years now and the one before that I had for 20 years and it still worked. I only got a newer one because I wanted a bigger size. I've had 4 rental properties, moved out of 3 because a new fridge broke within 2 years, landlord refused to replace for 2 properties, my current lease they replaced it without a problem. Manufacturer's often build to the lowest level they can to ensure it barely makes the warranty period, and rely on people not keeping the paperwork to claim a replacement. Stores sell warranties relying on people not to be aware they already have one and they're entitled to it anyway. My fridge went out recently and I replaced it. The repairman I talked to said that they're lasting about 10 years a piece now. He wasn't wrong the fridge he was replacing was 11 years old and then my sisters went out recently and was 9 years old. I'm sure they said the same thing once about the nintendo---or the xbox----or just about every successful consumer electronic that is now mainstream. The "VIVE" likely won't be around forever in it's first gen form (Well, second gen currently) but i'm willing to be it's not going to fade that quickly as a brand. Also, it has propelled VR much further than literally any other consumer-ready product on the market...so I think VR is something you're going to see blow up more and more, so long as big companies continue to stand behind it. Yup, that's my experience too. Never had a refrigerator last more than 2 What the? I've had the same fridge for over 10 years now and the one before that I had for 20 years and it still worked. I only got a newer one because I wanted a bigger size. I've had 4 rental properties, moved out of 3 because a new fridge broke within 2 years, landlord refused to replace for 2 properties, my current lease they replaced it without a problem. Manufacturer's often build to the lowest level they can to ensure it barely makes the warranty period, and rely on people not keeping the paperwork to claim a replacement. Stores sell warranties relying on people not to be aware they already have one and they're entitled to it anyway. My fridge went out recently and I replaced it. The repairman I talked to said that they're lasting about 10 years a piece now. He wasn't wrong the fridge he was replacing was 11 years old and then my sisters went out recently and was 9 years old. What the? I've had the same fridge for over 10 years now and the one before that I had for 20 years and it still worked. I only got a newer one because I wanted a bigger size. I've had 4 rental properties, moved out of 3 because a new fridge broke within 2 years, landlord refused to replace for 2 properties, my current lease they replaced it without a problem. Manufacturer's often build to the lowest level they can to ensure it barely makes the warranty period, and rely on people not keeping the paperwork to claim a replacement. Stores sell warranties relying on people not to be aware they already have one and they're entitled to it anyway. My fridge went out recently and I replaced it. The repairman I talked to said that they're lasting about 10 years a piece now. He wasn't wrong the fridge he was replacing was 11 years old and then my sisters went out recently and was 9 years old. I've had 4 rental properties, moved out of 3 because a new fridge broke within 2 years, landlord refused to replace for 2 properties, my current lease they replaced it without a problem. Manufacturer's often build to the lowest level they can to ensure it barely makes the warranty period, and rely on people not keeping the paperwork to claim a replacement. Stores sell warranties relying on people not to be aware they already have one and they're entitled to it anyway. My fridge went out recently and I replaced it. The repairman I talked to said that they're lasting about 10 years a piece now. He wasn't wrong the fridge he was replacing was 11 years old and then my sisters went out recently and was 9 years old. Honestly I'd rather own a 12 year old car than have to deal with 12 year payments. Saves on insurance and monthly expenses. Yeah, gotta save up for awhile. But it's very possible. It's all a trade off. The 12 year old car will have no warranty and most likely lots of problems. Parts and labor adds up. Sometimes buying new is cheaper. ok, 12 years might be a little much, but a new car is never going to be cheaper than a used car. Sometimes. Sometimes not. Pretty good read on it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/25a0if/article_of_the_week_the_market_for_lemons_akerlof/ Though modern efforts to track problematic cars are changing this with things like CarFax and such. That's false. My old Chevy that I bought to save money has cost me more than my new Acura would've cost me in one year. how? Probably repairs. Depending on how old the Chevy was, fuel costs could be significant as well. I had a similar situation with my old truck, it kept breaking and the monthly cost of my payment, fuel, maintenance, and credit card bills (for the repairs) cost more than my new truck's monthly payments. My new truck's warranty has all maintenance covered, so effectively my only bills are fuel and car payment, which are still about 200 a month less than the total I spent on the old truck. I have a 16year old that I anticipate is going to last me 5 more years. just have to take care of it and change the oil and not neglect maintenance :D 2000 Acura with 150k miles on it. I think I'm going to get tired of it and want something nicer before it actually dies on me Thought you were describing your kid for a second there.... Lol, 12 years is too old? Jeez. We still driving Jap imports from the late 80s down here in Kiwiland! In America, all you need to do to buy expensive shit is to plunge yourself into debt and have someone tell you that you totally should. I've got a 2003 hyundai elentra, no problems so far, and it's been a 12 year old car for like 2 years! That's silly and depends on brand. 12 year old Jeep? Maybe. I have two 28 year old Toyotas and a 29 year old schoolbus and the cost breaks down as follows. 88 Pickup purchased in 2012 $1200, Over the past 4 years I've probably put about 800 into misc maintenance (new tires, oil change, etc.) 88 Corolla purchased last year for $1,000 I have yet to put any money into this aside from title transfers. Both have been driven daily for the past year by my wife and I. Both combine cost about $3,000 including all parts and maintenance. My schoolbus is a different story, that has cost about $6,000 total so far. Regardless for $9k over 4 years I have 3 vehicles, a pickup, economy car and a schoolbus. I believe that is about half the cost of a lower end new car. I wish my car payment was that cheap Damn how much is your car payment?! I pay $300 a month and I thought that was high lol. Neighbour of mine paid about $750 per month on his (at the time) brand new G37. Including insurance he paid around a grand a month Damn.. I'd never have a payment like that. I always had something to trade in plus I'd save up a down payment to bring it down quite a bit. thats like a whole 12 months of insurance for a stupid 20 year old male source:am one edit:who also happens to own a vive... It's all a trade off. The 12 year old car will have no warranty and most likely lots of problems. Parts and labor adds up. Sometimes buying new is cheaper. ok, 12 years might be a little much, but a new car is never going to be cheaper than a used car. Sometimes. Sometimes not. Pretty good read on it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/25a0if/article_of_the_week_the_market_for_lemons_akerlof/ Though modern efforts to track problematic cars are changing this with things like CarFax and such. That's false. My old Chevy that I bought to save money has cost me more than my new Acura would've cost me in one year. how? Probably repairs. Depending on how old the Chevy was, fuel costs could be significant as well. I had a similar situation with my old truck, it kept breaking and the monthly cost of my payment, fuel, maintenance, and credit card bills (for the repairs) cost more than my new truck's monthly payments. My new truck's warranty has all maintenance covered, so effectively my only bills are fuel and car payment, which are still about 200 a month less than the total I spent on the old truck. I have a 16year old that I anticipate is going to last me 5 more years. just have to take care of it and change the oil and not neglect maintenance :D 2000 Acura with 150k miles on it. I think I'm going to get tired of it and want something nicer before it actually dies on me Thought you were describing your kid for a second there.... Lol, 12 years is too old? Jeez. We still driving Jap imports from the late 80s down here in Kiwiland! In America, all you need to do to buy expensive shit is to plunge yourself into debt and have someone tell you that you totally should. I've got a 2003 hyundai elentra, no problems so far, and it's been a 12 year old car for like 2 years! That's silly and depends on brand. 12 year old Jeep? Maybe. I have two 28 year old Toyotas and a 29 year old schoolbus and the cost breaks down as follows. 88 Pickup purchased in 2012 $1200, Over the past 4 years I've probably put about 800 into misc maintenance (new tires, oil change, etc.) 88 Corolla purchased last year for $1,000 I have yet to put any money into this aside from title transfers. Both have been driven daily for the past year by my wife and I. Both combine cost about $3,000 including all parts and maintenance. My schoolbus is a different story, that has cost about $6,000 total so far. Regardless for $9k over 4 years I have 3 vehicles, a pickup, economy car and a schoolbus. I believe that is about half the cost of a lower end new car. ok, 12 years might be a little much, but a new car is never going to be cheaper than a used car. Sometimes. Sometimes not. Pretty good read on it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/25a0if/article_of_the_week_the_market_for_lemons_akerlof/ Though modern efforts to track problematic cars are changing this with things like CarFax and such. That's false. My old Chevy that I bought to save money has cost me more than my new Acura would've cost me in one year. how? Probably repairs. Depending on how old the Chevy was, fuel costs could be significant as well. I had a similar situation with my old truck, it kept breaking and the monthly cost of my payment, fuel, maintenance, and credit card bills (for the repairs) cost more than my new truck's monthly payments. My new truck's warranty has all maintenance covered, so effectively my only bills are fuel and car payment, which are still about 200 a month less than the total I spent on the old truck. I have a 16year old that I anticipate is going to last me 5 more years. just have to take care of it and change the oil and not neglect maintenance :D 2000 Acura with 150k miles on it. I think I'm going to get tired of it and want something nicer before it actually dies on me Thought you were describing your kid for a second there.... Lol, 12 years is too old? Jeez. We still driving Jap imports from the late 80s down here in Kiwiland! In America, all you need to do to buy expensive shit is to plunge yourself into debt and have someone tell you that you totally should. I've got a 2003 hyundai elentra, no problems so far, and it's been a 12 year old car for like 2 years! That's silly and depends on brand. 12 year old Jeep? Maybe. I have two 28 year old Toyotas and a 29 year old schoolbus and the cost breaks down as follows. 88 Pickup purchased in 2012 $1200, Over the past 4 years I've probably put about 800 into misc maintenance (new tires, oil change, etc.) 88 Corolla purchased last year for $1,000 I have yet to put any money into this aside from title transfers. Both have been driven daily for the past year by my wife and I. Both combine cost about $3,000 including all parts and maintenance. My schoolbus is a different story, that has cost about $6,000 total so far. Regardless for $9k over 4 years I have 3 vehicles, a pickup, economy car and a schoolbus. I believe that is about half the cost of a lower end new car. Sometimes. Sometimes not. Pretty good read on it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/25a0if/article_of_the_week_the_market_for_lemons_akerlof/ Though modern efforts to track problematic cars are changing this with things like CarFax and such. That's false. My old Chevy that I bought to save money has cost me more than my new Acura would've cost me in one year. how? Probably repairs. Depending on how old the Chevy was, fuel costs could be significant as well. I had a similar situation with my old truck, it kept breaking and the monthly cost of my payment, fuel, maintenance, and credit card bills (for the repairs) cost more than my new truck's monthly payments. My new truck's warranty has all maintenance covered, so effectively my only bills are fuel and car payment, which are still about 200 a month less than the total I spent on the old truck. I have a 16year old that I anticipate is going to last me 5 more years. just have to take care of it and change the oil and not neglect maintenance :D 2000 Acura with 150k miles on it. I think I'm going to get tired of it and want something nicer before it actually dies on me Thought you were describing your kid for a second there.... Lol, 12 years is too old? Jeez. We still driving Jap imports from the late 80s down here in Kiwiland! In America, all you need to do to buy expensive shit is to plunge yourself into debt and have someone tell you that you totally should. how? Probably repairs. Depending on how old the Chevy was, fuel costs could be significant as well. I had a similar situation with my old truck, it kept breaking and the monthly cost of my payment, fuel, maintenance, and credit card bills (for the repairs) cost more than my new truck's monthly payments. My new truck's warranty has all maintenance covered, so effectively my only bills are fuel and car payment, which are still about 200 a month less than the total I spent on the old truck. Probably repairs. Depending on how old the Chevy was, fuel costs could be significant as well. I had a similar situation with my old truck, it kept breaking and the monthly cost of my payment, fuel, maintenance, and credit card bills (for the repairs) cost more than my new truck's monthly payments. My new truck's warranty has all maintenance covered, so effectively my only bills are fuel and car payment, which are still about 200 a month less than the total I spent on the old truck. Thought you were describing your kid for a second there.... In America, all you need to do to buy expensive shit is to plunge yourself into debt and have someone tell you that you totally should. Damn how much is your car payment?! I pay $300 a month and I thought that was high lol. Neighbour of mine paid about $750 per month on his (at the time) brand new G37. Including insurance he paid around a grand a month Damn.. I'd never have a payment like that. I always had something to trade in plus I'd save up a down payment to bring it down quite a bit. Neighbour of mine paid about $750 per month on his (at the time) brand new G37. Including insurance he paid around a grand a month Damn.. I'd never have a payment like that. I always had something to trade in plus I'd save up a down payment to bring it down quite a bit. Damn.. I'd never have a payment like that. I always had something to trade in plus I'd save up a down payment to bring it down quite a bit. I could swing that. VR ready computer is around 750$ already It's the only way to play in VR Those are definitely Hindu deities. So India maybe? It's an animal sanctuary in myrtle beach. http://instagram.com/docantle nice find! It's literally in the title of the imgur link you posted... Lol. Can people just not see that watermark on the video? No. No, I could not. I did try though. It's not really a sanctuary, since they do a shitton of breeding, but it functions as a zoo or wildlife park. hanuman's crib little known fact that all arab oil sheikhs are hindu It's an animal sanctuary in myrtle beach. http://instagram.com/docantle nice find! It's literally in the title of the imgur link you posted... Lol. Can people just not see that watermark on the video? No. No, I could not. I did try though. It's not really a sanctuary, since they do a shitton of breeding, but it functions as a zoo or wildlife park. hanuman's crib nice find! It's literally in the title of the imgur link you posted... Lol. Can people just not see that watermark on the video? No. No, I could not. I did try though. It's not really a sanctuary, since they do a shitton of breeding, but it functions as a zoo or wildlife park. It's literally in the title of the imgur link you posted... No. No, I could not. I did try though. Yes. thanks me too After you betobeto-san It seems crazy that I can get my cats to shit in a box but you can't teach a chimpanzee to I don't think the issue is training one to shit in a box, it's training them not to throw said shit around after they shit in it. Why would a chimpanzee go through the effort of shitting in a box when it could just shit on the floor and humans would clean up after it? Such an intelligent species. Truly amazing. I think that's easy to explain. Cats naturally dig their poop into the ground. Chimps shit where they please and do with it as they please. Also chimps have huge egos. Imagine the most egomaniacal human you know and multiply by 10. it would be fucking garbage. Like some sort of super-smart, strong-enough-to-fuck-you-up toddler. Normally, when you're dealing with someone who's wearing a diaper, they're weaker than you AND willing to have a diaper on em. I've got no fucking clue bout a chimpanzee. Would they like the diaper? Would they like the diaper to fucking much? THERE IS NO GOOD MONKEY/DIAPER SCENARIO. What if the diaper is full of diamonds, and the monkey is actually a sexy lady? r/nocontext https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWo-2BtBc7s Ah, so about like changing a human baby's diaper. Jeeeeeez she reeeaaaaally didn't want that nappy on, did she? poop joke thanks me too After you betobeto-san After you betobeto-san I don't think the issue is training one to shit in a box, it's training them not to throw said shit around after they shit in it. Why would a chimpanzee go through the effort of shitting in a box when it could just shit on the floor and humans would clean up after it? Such an intelligent species. Truly amazing. I think that's easy to explain. Cats naturally dig their poop into the ground. Chimps shit where they please and do with it as they please. Also chimps have huge egos. Imagine the most egomaniacal human you know and multiply by 10. Such an intelligent species. Truly amazing. What if the diaper is full of diamonds, and the monkey is actually a sexy lady? r/nocontext r/nocontext Ah, so about like changing a human baby's diaper. Jeeeeeez she reeeaaaaally didn't want that nappy on, did she? Unless you're in for the long haul. SAO got a lot more creepy all of a sudden. Yeah, why would you need diaper when you have socks. SAO got a lot more creepy all of a sudden. Maybe it wasn't his first time with it on. When he immediately reaches out for the controller and how he knows to hold it on his face indicate that. Most of the uneasy people vids are from their first time trying it. Not to mention animals don't really worry about breaking shit around them. https://youtu.be/Xzw2iBmRsjs?t=26 Unless you're a bull in a china shop One of those bulls gracefully knicked it. That was fucking neat. I feel like actual china shops are a lot more packed than that and generally have roofs which might affect the behavior of the bulls I think the major part of the experiment was just to show that Bulls aren't careless and won't just walk into the shelves because they're overly massive and have no control over themselves (how we think they are). What does this prove, that bulls avoid large obstacles? I would never have guessed. They should have done it properly and stuck an angry bull in something like this. yea theres another video posted yesterday of the same chimp using it The thing was reaching for the remote like, "oh yeah! VR time. gimme dat remote. time to pop some god damned balloons" Interesting point. All other people I usually see take time to even move from one spot. Let's be honest, we are all the guys who would rather sit and play. Not to mention animals don't really worry about breaking shit around them. https://youtu.be/Xzw2iBmRsjs?t=26 Unless you're a bull in a china shop One of those bulls gracefully knicked it. That was fucking neat. I feel like actual china shops are a lot more packed than that and generally have roofs which might affect the behavior of the bulls I think the major part of the experiment was just to show that Bulls aren't careless and won't just walk into the shelves because they're overly massive and have no control over themselves (how we think they are). What does this prove, that bulls avoid large obstacles? I would never have guessed. They should have done it properly and stuck an angry bull in something like this. yea theres another video posted yesterday of the same chimp using it https://youtu.be/Xzw2iBmRsjs?t=26 Unless you're a bull in a china shop One of those bulls gracefully knicked it. That was fucking neat. I feel like actual china shops are a lot more packed than that and generally have roofs which might affect the behavior of the bulls I think the major part of the experiment was just to show that Bulls aren't careless and won't just walk into the shelves because they're overly massive and have no control over themselves (how we think they are). What does this prove, that bulls avoid large obstacles? I would never have guessed. They should have done it properly and stuck an angry bull in something like this. One of those bulls gracefully knicked it. That was fucking neat. I feel like actual china shops are a lot more packed than that and generally have roofs which might affect the behavior of the bulls I think the major part of the experiment was just to show that Bulls aren't careless and won't just walk into the shelves because they're overly massive and have no control over themselves (how we think they are). What does this prove, that bulls avoid large obstacles? I would never have guessed. They should have done it properly and stuck an angry bull in something like this. I think the major part of the experiment was just to show that Bulls aren't careless and won't just walk into the shelves because they're overly massive and have no control over themselves (how we think they are). Let's be honest, we are all the guys who would rather sit and play. First thing I thought of too. First a chimpanzee, then a ruggedly handsome autistic guy... It's only a matter of time before this happens Can you explain this joke? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Lawnmower_Man_(film) Huh. I've read the original short story, but have never heard of this. Thanks. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Lawnmower_Man_(film) Huh. I've read the original short story, but have never heard of this. Thanks. Huh. I've read the original short story, but have never heard of this. Thanks. Holy shit this is literally the futurized version of Bloons... I was thinking, "who would give a chimpanzee a sword?" The same people who give knives to crabs. A weapon to surpass metal gear or an AK-47 They rise "Tha....that was not a good idea, Bomba!" The same people who give knives to crabs. A weapon to surpass metal gear or an AK-47 They rise "Tha....that was not a good idea, Bomba!" A weapon to surpass metal gear They rise "Tha....that was not a good idea, Bomba!" It already is. He's going ape shit! Good thing they got that diaper on him. I'm NOT a monkey Good thing they got that diaper on him. inb4 a world of monkeys controlling robots via Virtual reality. Imagine a VR game like grand theft auto and a monkey controlling the character. At first the monkey will run around punching people and hitting cars with his hands, but give them a few months, and they will begin to get in cars and drive around, give them a few years and they will understand how to evade the police. And finally we can train them to go bowling with Roman. Hey! It's me your monkey. I'm pretty sure he doesn't know that I was wondering about this as well. Obviously the monkey comprehends the virtual world and how to interact with it. But does it implicitly understand that it is virtual? Can the monkey differentiate between the virtual world and the real world? Psychologically very, very interesting imho. Even though the monkey has zero understanding of technology, somehow it understands the basic concept. Hey! It's me your monkey. Your mom is great at a lot of other things. she's really great at knitting actually. she makes awesome apple pie and sucks a mean dick. How do you know if that monkey understands your mom or not? she's really great at knitting actually. she makes awesome apple pie and sucks a mean dick. dude, yes! the house is also covered with paintings and idols of Hindu gods and goddesses. ( by cheat though ) That is the layman's perspective, if one doesn't read the history completely. Sugriva takes Rama's help, who shoots Vali from a hidden place while Surgiva & Vali are fighting. Vali, just like everyone else, questions the ethics of this (it is the mark of a warrior to fight face-to-face, not from behind) while he lies dying. After Rama answers each of his questions, he is completely satisfied at his comeuppance (Vali had kidnapped Sugriva's wife, along with other atrocities, for a minor mistake Surgiva did), and hands guardianship of his own son to Rama & Sugriva, before dying peacefully. First, I am fucking terrified of chimps in houses, in a zoo or sanctuary that that bad but a chimp in a house scares the shit out of me. This chimp is very young, and not really that dangerous. He won't be as strong as a man yet, and would be controllable. You're right though that, sooner or later, that chimp is going to get too big and strong for a human to handle. Which is true of most exotic animals, and is a major reason why keeping them as pets if a fucking stupid idea. That's not even considering all the major psychological problems that are likely going to follow that chimp for the rest of his life, long after his "owner" has to give him up to a sanctuary (or worse, a zoo) because he can't control him any more. Good luck on getting that Chimpanzee to navigate explorer.exe to the disk. Some people forget that we are just another animal. We share a lot of genes with anything from banana to apache helicopter. Speak for yourself. Us banana people don't affiliate with those "Apache helicopter" special snowflakes Why don't you come over here and say that to my rotary wings, you potassium ass organic dildo! Careful, banana people can get nuclear. Humans are one of the seven species of the Great Apes family. We share a common ancestor with a chimp and it's our closest related cousin. I believe our DNA matches up at 99% too Well, there's not really a whole lot to separate us other than our knowledge of complex tools, many 'human' concepts can be taught to monkeys and apes, they can learn sign language and understand the concept of currency, if taught they can do most of the things we can, though not quite to the same level we can. Though, considering evolution, there's entirely the possibility that in the future monkeys and apes could be at the level we currently are, without the whole Planet of the Apes thing. Its also possible for cats and dogs to achieve sapience of that level with enough time and adaptation. The probability however is very, very low. Theoretically, Sea Cucumbers could reach our level of intelligence given enough time. I for one welcome our new Cucumber Overlords. It's probably more about how ape-like we are. We are literally apes. Not ape-like. We are apes. We are hairless apes. Kinda like how Sphinx are hairless cats. We probably look ugly asf to other apes. Speak for yourself. My buddy Frank is an ape and he calls me beautiful. We are hairless apes. I guess my back didn't get the memo. It's brilliant. It's not creepy, it's comforting to know that science is correct about evolution and the proof is here in this gif It has nothing to do with creationism. The creepiness is that we have a bunch of furry, super strong five-year-olds running around our rain forests, and sometimes we capture them, put them in diapers, and place them in boxes for our bare-skinned five-year-olds to look at. It disturbs me the some people eat apes and trap them in cages. people eat apes? FUCK Speak for yourself. Us banana people don't affiliate with those "Apache helicopter" special snowflakes Why don't you come over here and say that to my rotary wings, you potassium ass organic dildo! Careful, banana people can get nuclear. Why don't you come over here and say that to my rotary wings, you potassium ass organic dildo! Careful, banana people can get nuclear. Careful, banana people can get nuclear. Its also possible for cats and dogs to achieve sapience of that level with enough time and adaptation. The probability however is very, very low. Theoretically, Sea Cucumbers could reach our level of intelligence given enough time. I for one welcome our new Cucumber Overlords. Theoretically, Sea Cucumbers could reach our level of intelligence given enough time. I for one welcome our new Cucumber Overlords. We are literally apes. Not ape-like. We are apes. We are hairless apes. Kinda like how Sphinx are hairless cats. We probably look ugly asf to other apes. Speak for yourself. My buddy Frank is an ape and he calls me beautiful. We are hairless apes. I guess my back didn't get the memo. We are hairless apes. Kinda like how Sphinx are hairless cats. We probably look ugly asf to other apes. Speak for yourself. My buddy Frank is an ape and he calls me beautiful. We are hairless apes. I guess my back didn't get the memo. Speak for yourself. My buddy Frank is an ape and he calls me beautiful. We are hairless apes. I guess my back didn't get the memo. It has nothing to do with creationism. The creepiness is that we have a bunch of furry, super strong five-year-olds running around our rain forests, and sometimes we capture them, put them in diapers, and place them in boxes for our bare-skinned five-year-olds to look at. It disturbs me the some people eat apes and trap them in cages. people eat apes? FUCK It disturbs me the some people eat apes and trap them in cages. people eat apes? FUCK people eat apes? FUCK They get worn and scuffed if you put them on the floor. The chimp is named after one of the Hindu monkey gods as well: Sugriva. Curious , I was thinking the same thing. The guy who runs the place is very very into Hindu culture. He even changed his name to reflect it (or maybe it was his given name, I don't remember). First you gotta make a chimp porno..... Find a Bonobo documentary and its all good. Find a Bonobo documentary and its all good. It's a chimp at a sanctuary, someone figured that out because of the watermark original? you do know thats gallowboob right? that's where I saw it and nothing popped up on reverse searches. Someone already linked that its from Myrtle Beach Safari. I have no idea what a gallowboob is but it doesn't sound like a good time. that's where I saw it and nothing popped up on reverse searches. Someone already linked that its from Myrtle Beach Safari. I have no idea what a gallowboob is but it doesn't sound like a good time. This is in the US, and the family is just very into Hinduism. They run a wildlife park. Hard to tell if it's safe or not without doing it. Says a chimpless pet owner Probably the same reason we can teach six year olds the difference between where/were/wear/ware, but we can't teach you. Bravo. Bravo. Photograph by: Hideo Kojima Produced by: Hideo Kojima Lighting and Effects by: Hideo Kojima Drinks by: Hideo Kojima Interior Design by: Hideo Kojima Culinary Design by: Hideo Kojima Drink Service Provided by: Hideo Kojima Mads Mikkelsen by Hideo Kojima Fight Choreography by: Hideo Kojima Hideo Kojima by Hideo Kojima Happy Birthday by: Hideo Kojima Hideo Kojima (Hideo Kojima) This man made everything, even himself. Didn't even need a mother. That's him in the capsule in the trailer. Makes sense, the whole game is a story of his birthday Now I'm imagining him having a dream about being a baby cradled by a naked Norman Reedus and the plot to Death Stranding has just started to make sense to me. ... I don't even like fanfiction and this has now become my head-canon That...jesus that actually makes a lot of sense in a really warped way. Hideo kojima's mother by: hideo kojima He's his own father? Philip J. Fry would be proud. Hideo's Mother by Hideo Kojima He even made a live action Mads Mikkelsen. When he was an unborn baby, he grew in a pregnancy machine of his design and was fed through an umbilical cord attached to his adult self. does this mean he will kill himself? as played by Revolver............. gun twirls............... Ocelot! MEOW! MEOW! by Hideo Kojima http://i.imgur.com/kETfLfJ.jpg Revolver "Revolver Ocelot" Ocelot (Revolver Ocelot) I am SHALAKAKALASHKASHALALALALAKASHASHKA! Shalalashashaka Hideo Kojima (Hideo Kojima) [Hideo Kojima] {Hideo Kjima} Revolver Ocelot Mads Mikkelson(Hideo Kojima) Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima Hideo "please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima'" Kojima Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said "Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima'" Kojima Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said ' Hideo 'Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima' Kojima" Kojima FTFY NOW that's what I call "Hideo Kojima" Vol. 3 Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo. All the Hids Hideo "No seriously guys, no one calls me Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said "Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima' Kojima" Kojima" Kojima Hideo-ception "Inception" Kojima-ception This will never stop being hilarious. Hideo "Hideo Adam "The Kovic" Kovic Kojima" Kojima. Translator's note: Hideo Kojima means "Hideo Kojima" His English name is Greatman Smallisle (or Excellenceman Smallisland) I'm putting this as into my D&D campaign as an NPC name. I'd take it as an incredibly arrogant PC. Which is a fine detective's name if I ever heard one. Sounds like when Trump compleminsults someone. I thought it was a mode on my TV. Reminds me of Mr Bean's Holiday lol Didn't realise that Kojima made that one! He probably made you too. Probably explains why my plot is so obtuse. He made Obtuse too Not nearly as good as the first one. He made the first one too. One + too =three Half life 3 by Hideout Kojima confirmed It all makes sense now! My god! http://i.imgur.com/M7PhNzD.gif Doesn't look like anything to me. STARRING: Venom "Punished" Bean BEAN Parasite Unit Not forgetting Bean Ocelot BROTHEEEER!! TEDDYYYYY!! Nothing... nothing... nothing... Ageing by: Hideo Kojima Candles Blown Out by: Hideo Kojima Wish Made by: Hideo Kojima Happy Birthday to: Hideo Kojima Guest starring the "SKULLS" Parasite Unit. Oh god no By Hideo Kojima Man who sold the world plays in the background Sold by Hideo Kojima World by Hideo Kojima Background by Hideo Kojima Mads Mikkelsen by Hideo Kojima [deleted] https://c1.staticflickr.com/5/4055/4527498122_7e503a25d3_b.jpg Holy fuck is this a real label? Cake by: Hannibal Lecter Haha! ...wait... Cake eaten by: Hideo kojima Revolver Ocelot by: Hideo "Revolver Ocelot" Kojima Clothing by: Marc Jacobs by Hideo Kojima Michael Scott By Hideo Kojima So it wasn't just my imagination that he credits his name multiple times in an uncommon way. When things went sour between Konami and Hideo during the development of MGSV, Konami removed Hideo's name from the box art. http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2015/07/konami-removes-kojimas-name-from-metal-gear-solid-v-box-art/ As a response, Hideo added "credits" to each mission, which meant his name was displayed prominently every time a mission was started. It was basically a "fuck you" to Konami on his way out the door. Not really true. The game was made to play out like a TV show from the beginning, meaning credits for each episode. It wasn't changed to be a response to the box art fiasco. Kojima knew he was getting fired before ground zeroes was even released. He changed the story of MGSV to reflect that and using what they had dev'd and made a game. That's why the cinematics you saw 2 years ahead of time were the entire game already. It became a game about losing everything he had. Kojima last night said he thought he lost everything. There's a bonus Ground Zeroes mission about erasing the MGS titles he worked on and how even if they erase the markings the memories will always be there. As a long time die hard Kojima fan people don't realize how Kojima tends to shape his games to reflect his ideas/life/etc. Did he decide to do that specifically to spite Konami? Maybe not. But a great deal of MGSV does reflect on his situation with Konami. MGSV will always be Kojima's Phantom Pain. As a long time die hard Kojima fan people don't realize how Kojima tends to shape his games to reflect his ideas/life/etc. Which is why the end of MGS2 mindfucked 8th grade me. I like how you made up a "fact" considering you have literally no idea if that was the reasoning or not. Culinary Concept Art by: Yoji Shinkawa and Hideo Kojima Comment by Hideo Kojima Hideo Kojima by: Hideo Kojima Featuring The Skulls Quit mission And the "Hideo Kojima: Hideo Kojima/Hideo Kojima - Hideo Kojima" Hideo Kojima award goes to.... Mads Mikkelsen by Hideo Kojima Hideo Kojima by: Mr. and Mrs. Kojima (Monster's Inc. anyone?) Hideo Kojima by Hideo Kojima Hideo and Kojima Hideo Kojima (in association with Hideo Kojima) presents: MGS5: The Phantom Pain, a Hideo Kojima Production featuring Hideo Kojima. Hideo Kojima produced by: Mr. and Mrs. Kojima Can someone explain this to me? I don't know much about Hideo Kojima but it seems like he can literally do everything You have been banned from /r/Konami Voice of God: Hideo Kojima A Hideo Kojima meme. Hideo "Don't call me 'Hideo Kojima'" Kojima Starring Hideo Kojima as Hideo Kojima Guest Starring Mads Mikkelsen as Hideo Kojima Guest Starring Skulls Parasite Unit Mads Mikkelsen by : Hideo Kojima Featuring: Featuring the "Skulls" Parasite Unit And introducing Hideo Kojima as Hideo Kojima By Hideo Kojima You dropped a colon on the Mads Mikkelson line Opening Song "Hideo kids Hideo wife" Performed by: Pitbull ft. Hideo Kojima Soooo he still doesn't own this right? (fades in) A Hideo Kojima Birthday (fades out) A Hideo Kojima Production And most importantly Fuck Konami by: Hideo Kojima 'A Hideo Kojima birthday' You may joke, but that's what prevented Konami from taking his name off MGSV. His name must've been in there over 1000 times, and some of those were inside textures and assets. Hell, he even had an in-game model of himself put in there. Ultimately, this all just humiliated Konami even beyond what they had already done to themselves. Strippers by: Hideo Kojima People Cake by: Mads Mikkelsen A Hideo Kojima Game by Hideo Kojima Guest Staring: THE SKULL UNIT Lol very good Mads Mikkelsen by: Hideo Kojima Man, Konami really messed up treating him like they did. Fuck em I love that this gif makes fun of Kojima while still sticking it to Konami lol Kojima admits he has faults, he just doesn't care. He makes games he wants to play, that's the secret most successful game developers have. Same goes for books; write the books you'd want to read, with the stories you want to tell, rather than the books you want other people to read, with stories you think they want to be told. What kills most great TV series is fan service. You start out writing the story you want to tell, then 4 seasons in you have all these fans who have ideas about what they want to see. So you start trying to give them what they want instead of writing the most compelling story. cough Otherwise known as the "CW effect." cough looks at Arrow looks at Supernatural You're really, really not wrong. Who the fuck told CW that arrow has to devolve into a show about Felicity? (gonna fucking hate myself for even typing it...) well, "olicity" fans. Fuck. I can understand not liking something. But sending death threats and telling an actress to kill herself? What is wrong with (some, not you I hope) people... Both sides. Are. Crazy. I just watch it, go "meh, not that good" or "Hey, I liked that" and that is it. Uncle Guggie. Haven't seen supernatural in ages, so I can't really speak there. But the newest season of Arrow has been really good. Especially after the 4 (3) part crossover that just happened. Supernatural's been on a roll recently as well! Season 11 was their best since season 5 in my mind. Damn that TV cast has to be so fucking rich by now. They'll cock it up soon enough. The invasion story was pretty good. I haven't watched arrow this season so I was a little out of the loop with the two new guys, but they were minor enough that it didn't matter. I stopped following Supernatural around the time Crowley became in charge of Hell. Am I missing out on anything? It definitely picks up in my opinion. Granted, I've always been a fan of the series, so I'm a little bit biased. I will say, if you watched Supernatural for Crowley, don't watch a single other episode. He goes from puppet master to butt monkey very quickly. Supernatural is getting it's shit together again, though. Carry on my wayward souuun! What does CW stand for? Game of Thrones and Daenerys storyline? Undoubtedly. Sometimes when I reread what I wrote, I get excited like reading a new book. That's when I know I did something right. I know this feeling exactly; if your own work can move you at all, you're doing something right for your story. And hopefully there'll be people out there who'll like it as much as well; even shitty fanfics I wrote 13-14 years ago that could get me excited/emotive whilst proof-reading got some positive feedback, so I must've been doing something right! Totally true. Also, a lot of people get disappointed when their friends don't get as excited about their writing as they did. The reality is that their friends probably just aren't the target audience. Yeah... though the friends bit is kinda hard on you. They can proof-read and point out mistakes, but they aren't necessarily going to overly like your work, and catering to them can make it undermine your own vision, which just... sucks. "I believe in doing what I like. I set about selling it afterwards." -Mervyn Peake Just dance like nobody's watching bro Shit, that's what I've always heard as advice in creative endeavors. Is there a game you want to play that no one is making? Make it. Is there a book you want to read, but no one is writing it? Write it. And so on. I've heard that as far back as... Fourth grade or some such, like fourteen years ago. In 5th grade me and my cousin wrote out this idea of a game were you just live life, like as an adult. Get a job, design your house, have a family if you want. We thought it'd be amazing and you could do some really interesting things with it. a number of years later, the sims released. Well... You and your cousin were right, I guess. Ya, I remember calling him when I read about it and he was like "I wish we'd have made that!" And I was all, Ya cuz a couple of junior high/middle school students coulda done this! Plot twist, cousin published Sims, claimed all of the credit while excluding you. He fuckin would, what a douche. Plot Twist: They are the creators of Roy and Roy 2: Dave in the future. Jones in the Fast Lane and Little Computer People were precursors to these kind of games, if you're interested in some gaming history. The first one is definitely still playable and a lot of fun if you never tried it. "See a need, fill a need" - Rodney Copperbottom Some secret. You just told everyone! SELL YOUR STOCKS EVERYONE, HE'S DONE. He certainly has a particular artistic vision for his games, probably most evident in Death Stranding and P.T. Im glad though, it feels like he is having fun and exploring how far he can mix art and gaming. I'm liking it though, I think this type of abstract unreliable narrator horror survivor isn't something we have really seen in gaming. If he has great sound design in game as well, I would be totally immersed. That's true in theory but you also tend to convince yourself that it's something you would want to play/read/watch after spending so much time on it. It's easy to lose perspective and get stuck up your own ass on things like this. Kojima is a great developer and he respects the medium more than most but I think he would do well to get some real, no-bullshit peer reviewing and constructive criticism. I'd love to see him go somewhere like Rock Star just to see what sort of crazy shit would happen. It'll never happen and it's most likely a horrible idea from a financial standpoint but holy shit there would be some crazy things going on in that studio. I'm pretty sure at least one person involved would just completely lose their mind. Kojima has worked with others before. Hell before Silent Hills was cancelled he was working with other great minds like Junji Ito and del Toro. He makes great games. They may be a bit wacky at times but that's because it's a video game, he doesn't see the need for it to he serious all the time. People forget that some of the worst games (and other creative endeavors) are made that way too - even by really good creators. George Lucas and the prequels come to mind. He's a very creative soul with some good ideas that just needed some tempering and editing. By the time of the prequels (and maybe Return of the Jedi) nobody could really say no, so he wasn't able to grow as an artist. I'm curious how it makes fun of kojima? It looks more like Sony is acting like a cheapskeet by wanting to make low budget and fast developed titles Edit:I get it now, thanx for explaining it to me In the designing world you get to pick 2/3 Low budget. Quick turn around. Quality product. The boss upstairs will always pick the first two with designer almost always fighting for the last one. Been doing this for 10+ years now. It's a shitty game. Indeed another part of it is creative people can spend their entire lives working on what makes them a success then they need to do that a again but bigger in maybe 1-2 years or they're a "failure". Literally in the middle of that right now... Bosses: "Hey we know you designed everything perfect for this last catalog and everything flows very well and the information is really easy to absorbs but we're gonna need you to change it up while still making it just as intuitive." Thedaveness: fuck you. You'd have thought that Kojima would have garnered some leeway over the years... This is why sequels tend to suck. The boss of course picks all three but only focuses on the first two and blames the developer when the third wasn't done. I mean MGS 5 went massively over budget and took years to make and it still wasn't all the way done. Kojima takes a long time to make games Kojima claims he missed the target ship date for mgs5 by only a few months and came in under budget. Konami didn't say anything about it. In any case a bit part of it was just how comparably expensive traditional game developement is versus mobile. Mobile is also where the big money is in japan. MGSV had multiple planned chapters that weren't developed at all because Kojima was out of time/money. Makes sense when you play the game. The opening prologue with the amazing cinematic events disappeared halfway through the game. The over budget shit is speculation based on one composer who was told to write 12 songs for MGSV and they only used 4. It's because Kojima went way over budget for MGS 5 in both time and money plus the "perfectly-paced cutscene" line is a bit of a joke I imagine because some of them go a bit too long at times. The ending of MGS4 holds the record for longest cutscene sequence in a video game at 71 minutes long. In engine, at that! It wasn't just ending the game, it was ending the whole Solid Snake storyline. There were a lot of loose threads to tie up. But yeah, it was damn long. I fell asleep when the credits started to roll. The next day my cousin starts speaking about how Big Boss appeared after that to set things straight, etc.. I didn't believe him lol. Had to re-finish the game next night. As a MGS4 defender, I was always impressed that they bothered to wrap up so many hanging threads in the ending. I thought there was no way they were going to resolve everything that was going on in that game story-wise. It took over 70 minutes, but I'm glad they were able to do it! To be fair, it was a great ending. Oooohhh,now I get it.thanx for enlightening me.I didn't follow the development of mgs 5 quite closely mgs 4 was released in mid 2008, and mgs 5: phantom pain was released late 2015. I imagine konami execs got fed up waiting for more than 7 years just for a single game and just kicked out kojima and go full pachinko now. His storylines aren't the most approachable or easily grasped, his cutscenes have been long and absurd, etc. I played the first MGS because of its reputation, but good lord, I had no idea what was happening a good portion of the time. And only Japanese devs would handle being screwed by their employer quietly and with dignity. I'm not sure about Western cultures, but generally in Asian cultures, it's considered polite and magnanimous not to burn bridges even when leaving employers. Not defending what Konami did though, fuck em. It's generally polite everywhere, including Western cultures. It's called being professional. Or, phrased without icky business terms, being mature. It's a skill a lot of people lack. Yeah I would never dream of publicly burning a bridge at a past employer regardless of how shitty they treated me. Don't think this is exclusive to Japanese game devs Maybe that's a problem though. Employers have employees over a barrel, maybe if enough talent started talking about abusive or egregious employment situations and people started refusing to work for those companies, those practices would be less common. Sure, a lot of employers are shitty. But, honestly, a lot of employees are also shitty. For every 10 people you hear badmouth their former employer, I'd guess that five of them were just shitty employees and were treated fairly. Only 5? I think you are being generous Normal parts of human nature isn't going to disappear because people talk about it. My friend left his job without giving his 2-weeks because he "didn't want to make his new job wait, and think he didn't want to go." I tried to tell him how stupid that is, and any big company will not only understand that you need to put in a 2-week notice, but also respect it. What's to say you won't do the same to them if a different job rolls around? Exactly. We can debate whether its philosophically correct or not, but there's a saying that "perception is reality." It's not just about caring what your ex-employer thinks of you, but how your potential future employers might perceive it when they don't know the full story. Sometimes you gotta put your ego aside and look out for what's best for you in the long-term It isn't being professional. It is something corporate overlords have come to ingrain into people, much like talking about salary is supposed to be a big no-no also ingrained into people by corporations. Corporations have more to gain from not having people tell all than the reverse. Odds are if you left a place you were unhappy about working at you won't be going back and maybe can prevent others from being miserable. I think it is more unprofessional to allow people to blindly go into a place expecting it to be a good place to work and then finding out what you already knew. Here's an upvote for using common sense. Thanks. I had my 15 minutes of fame several years ago because I explicitly did this in my dev community and it got passed around on twitter resulting in making it into the newspaper. You'd think that I did something crazy by the fact I told it like it was and openly did so. Hey, I can't choose to age into an adult but, I can choose to be mature or not, because I'm an adult... Stinky head! There's a cultural difference at play as well. In the west if you're as much of a creative badass/legend as Kojima your ego and your art tends to supercede the importance of any company that you might do business with, whether they intend to help or impede you. Japanese worker culture is such that other development companies would seriously think twice about hiring Kojima if he even spoke publically about the series of events surrounding the whole Kojimagate affair. Sony seems to be above some of that but Kojima would still lose a lot of face if he complained whereas people in the West would just be cheering for him regardless of if he looked like he was whining about a massively ingrained social hierarchy. And many times what is 'professional' is just corporations' expression of their power over the working class. As someone in the industry, you definitely don't want to burn bridges because chances are you'll end up working with people again from that prior company. It really is a small industry and once you've worked at a large studio, you realize that for every other studio out there, you're working with someone that either used to work there or they know someone that went there. It's called saving face. I'm not sure how many British developers there are, but I'd imagine them tutting quietly under their breath as they angrily sip their tea. Guillermo del Toro approves. FUCK KONAMI That Snake Eater trailer in the Fox Engine but for pachinko made me hate Konami. What's going on? Konami is releasing an updated version of Snake Eater on an arcade machine? They're cutscenes that play on the screen while playing pachinko. rofl cheers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ht4dbyPIcM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2iJLy-1IGg They're releasing a Snake Eater version made with the Fox Engine maxed out for pachinko machines. Pachinko machines are basically very popular in Japan and they're like a slot machine with pinball elements. This is a really interesting video about pachinko machines You think that's bad? See this one. Wait... What was that?! Please tell me this is real please tell me this is real oh my god I didn't realize how badly I wanted this until I saw this video edit: it's fake. Time to kill myself My understanding is that they're making a ton of money off their pachinko stuff, and are much more profitable as a whole now. So from a business perspective, they didn't mess up. Saying this as someone who is insanely sad that the Castlevania IP is basically dead now. At least we got Bloodstained coming up. Oh totally. Konami's made bad artistic decisions but fantastic business ones. Context? When Kojima left Konami, this was an announcement from Sony together with him, that he will still make games, for Sony. (I think it was at E3? Can't check) Hideo Kojima parted ways with Konami about a year ago and then an announcement was made, stating that Kojima Productions would be partnering with Sony. Of course, someone made a gif from it, entitled, "What Kojima and Andrew House Were REALLY Saying in Their Announcement." ok, that really made me laugh. thanks for that! Look at that smile from Andrew House, pure bliss. MGS 3 Pachinko hurts mang I will never forget the hour long MGS4 cut scenes. Amazing game for its time, but fuck those cut scenes. pefectly paced cutscenes Can anyone give a real quick synopsis to what Konami did to Hideo? Hideo said they took this picture after they finished shooting the trailer for Death Stranding we saw today... which was way back in summer. You're right. "When we did the shooting for today's teaser back in summer" Isn't Kojima in his fifties? The man looks like he's in his late 20's or 30's. Maybe he takes the same vampire serum Will Smith does. 53 now. He's Asian. We do not age between 30-60. Obligatory. Never gets old. It will when it's 60 years old. (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) (☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞ Not looking forward to Kojima's menopause. Menopause by Hideo Kojima TIL Arthur's grandmother was a 70yo asian lady. 18-50 Asian women would bang Hirohiko Araki, the author of Jojo's Bizarre Adventure is 56 and he looks like this He also dresses better than a lot of his younger contemporaries apparently Must be his Stand keeping him youthful. 「 FOREVER YOUNG」 OH MY GOD! HOHREH SHEEEEEEEEEEET SANA DA BEECH No, he's just a master of Hamon. HIGHWAY GO GO HIGHWAY STAR Araki is a vampire though He's actually a fairy tho But he's a Rock Human tho??? Jojo's Bizarre Adventure is actually a subtle chronicle of Araki's 2000 years of existence. How do you think he knows so much about Dio's past? There's a samurai-looking guy levitating on the left Then when you go over 60 age hits you like a semi truck. What happens at 60 and a day? If female, see post by /u/Nanosauromo If Male, we go live in the mountains and teach martial arts. And if you see pretty girls your nose starts bleeding http://i.imgur.com/19U3i.gif Instant "elder sage" appearance. You shrink three feet, hunch over badly, speak slowly, your hair grows white, and your skin becomes more wrinkled than a naked molerat's ballsack. On the upside you're still super smart but now you look wise. When I spent a summer in Okinawa, my host family had a 'grandfather'. Every family has one, it's more of a generic term for old man in Japanese, I didn't think anything of it. Well, one night at a bbq I meet him. Holy shit. I've never met another human being as old (and who looked old) as him. He was 101. He couldn't have been more than 4' tall. He looked like a leather muppet. He spoke with a crazy weird accent too (I think he may have grown up speaking more Ryukan than Japanese). He was bright, alert, and all there. He even made some vaguely racist jokes about me. You don't know old until you've seen Japanese old. Older than that is Okinawa old, as they are apparently one of the longest living populations on the planet. This happens. Most Asians and black folks age very well. and keanu reeves TIL Keanu = 1/2 Asian 1/2 black Keanu actually is part Chinese Tiger Woods has a black dad and an Asian Mom but he's aged terribly. I guess the immortality genes cancelled each other out. I think Tiger looks his age, to be honest, not any worse. And part Portuguese! A pessimist would say hes half MC Jared Leto is another one that never ages. 23 is in first pic, 39 in the next. He's going to be 45 soon and he looks like this! Screw these actors and their vampire abilities. Holy shit! Pretty soon he's going to have to disappear in a mysterious boating accident and reappear in another few decades as an unknown Norwegian icefisher. That's because he's a vampire And Elijah Wood. I think while this is partly true, some of it is because the signs of aging our society looks for are determined by a euro-centric (white) point of view. I'd be curious if this is still true to someone who grew up in Asia or Africa, where whites are not the majority. Just a hypothesis, I by no means have data to support this. Am Asian, we think white people age too early. I concur. It's all those Thetans that keep you young. Something something volcano something alien souls something L. Ron Hubbard bar bet. [deleted] Well now you're just pulling random dates out the air! that's just crazy talk, man. Mads has a serious case of Resting Murder Face Mads has a serious case of Sexy Resting Murder Face FTFY. I love it. SRMF That's a discourteous description, vulgar; your projection only reflects an unspeakable ugliness. Please, join me tonight for dinner, I'll edify you with etiquette in order to avoid that ugliness in the future. http://i.imgur.com/sWXaRoH.gif Hot damn. I'll bring the wine! Eat the rude. Sure I could stand to be edified. Yurd, ma dood? I feel like he'd make a PERFECT witcher character. He could eat me any day( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) It must be tough being Mads Mikkelsen. He's probably a really good guy, but he looks so god damn sinister all the time. That's just the roles we know him for. He has a few roles as a protagonist and he does them nearly as well. Yea Mads can play both. The Hunt is a good example. Damn that movie is good. Fucking hard to watch though. Very thought provoking and emotional. Yer i cried hard at that film. But after having various conversations about the films issue I still can't say how I would react to someone in that position Exactly the movie makes you angry and sad at how easy it is to affect someone's image and how hard it is to prove them wrong. The Hunt is a fantastic film. Oh man,The Hunt is probably my favourite acting from him aside from Hannibal. That one is in my queue to watch. Idk, have you seen him in Dr Strange though? I may be one of the minority in this but I watched the god awful movie Wrath of the Titans (or whatever it was called). It had Mikkelsen as the tough supporting guy which was suspicious of the hero at the beginning but grows fond of him and even sacrifices himself in the end. He was the good guy in it and he was freaking perfect. Even when he is the "hero" he is creepy af. Like in Vallhala Rising. You mean almost exclusively Vallhala Rising. In a lot of his Danish language films he's either goofy or quite sweet. Eh, I haven't seen him before today but I agree he does look sinister. Well, back home in Denmark, everyone loves the guy. He's hilarious, and played in 2 of my favorite comedies ever (The Green Butchers and Flickering Lights) Maybe it's just because he mostly plays villains when he's in English speaking roles. The Green Butchers Actually thinking about it, The Green Butchers could be taken as a foreshadowing of his work on Hannibal. Those two movies are always what I recommend to people who want to watch some danish comedy. Don't forget Adam's Apple. Of corse not, my bad. I think you misspelled sexy. Don't quote me on this but I'm pretty sure he was a professional dancer, which is why a lot of his scenes in Hannibal look so gorgeously choreographed I saw a youtube vid of him doing the can-can. He can kick those legs really high. He has Resting Putin Face Danish guy here. I met him a couple of years ago in Copenhagen. Super nice guy, very pleasant to talk to. Even when smiling, Mads looks sinister. I think even more so though than when he's scowling. Got a great sinister face on him. Very sinister : https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BNDEwMTQxODQzN15BMl5BanBnXkFtZTgwMzM1MTE1ODE@._V1_SY1000_SX1500_AL_.jpg Wtf... Coming from Hannibal, this looks ...different.. You should see some of the Danish comedy movies he's done. I've forced many of my brit friends to watch the Green Butchers. Hilarious and dark. To say that Danish comedies are "dark" is an understatement. They're dark to such an absurd degree that it ends up becoming part of the comedy. Happen to have any recommendations? Taste my marinade. It's from 'Men and Chicken' and you gotta watch it. If you have a high tolerance for a wild and strange ride type of movies, watch it. If you check his filmography, his earlier movies are closer to this (weird comedies and funny-looking characters). That movie is sooo fucking weird What's this from? Men & Chicken You heard it folks Mr.Sinister confirmed Obligatory Hannibal plug, just finished the third season and it is one of the best shows I have seen. Mads is perfect as Hannibal Lecter. Watch the movie The Hunt if you never have. He's fucking brilliant. YES. Said this in another thread, it is incredible... like you hate life incredible. Only once though, even makes me sad and mad at the same time reading the title Mads > Hopkins Not even kidding. He is on a hannibal lector level in westworld atm, they differ on their performance but they both do it graciously and terryfing. Hopkins in Westworld may be one if the best TV performances I have seen in years Really? It doesn't look like anything to me. dammit take your upvote. You must be new... Nawt much of'a rind on you Found the host. Freeze all motor functions. Same. The whole cast has done a great job, but Hopkins just kills it every time he's on screen. I just hope he makes it through the finale and we at least get him for another season or two. I'd also say Ed Harris has been doing a fantastic job as well. I can only hope we get another Ford/MiB scene in the final episode. Dolores' father in the pilot was amazing too. In one particular scene he made Anthony Hopkins look like a prop in the room. They did an amazing job with the casting on the show. It's close, but Matthew McConaughey in True Detective takes the cake for me. Anthony Hopkins plays a better hannibal than Anthony Hopkins' hannibal in Westworld. He's in Westworld?? Yeah. And he's killing it. I watched some videos analysing his face during scenes, the nuances are so masterfully done. Edit: the video https://youtu.be/4kSGkGKwp9U Yeah, and he's been killing it. Meh, i think they're both great. To be fair, Hopkins got very limited screen time and Mikkelesn got three seasons, hard to compare directly. I think the extra character development is what makes the show's version preferable to me. Hopkins has been almost playing a better Hannibal on Westworld. I feel like they both played refined and sinister psychopaths, but Mads was perhaps a shade more charismatic. Mads is my favorite actor these days. Love him as Hannibal. The Hunt was fantastic. Check out The Salvation. Best Danish-American western of all time! Hopkins really fucking pulls off his role on Westworld now though, like holy shit. Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Did you know that Mads actually starred in a Danish film, in which he plays the role of a butcher, whose store is about to go bankrupt until he starts chopping up people and selling them disguised as marinaded pork? To unsubscribe, reply cancel Subscribe. Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads is the younger brother to Lars Mikkelsen, who is known for playing the Russian president in the House of Cards television show. To unsubscribe, reply cancel. Ooh. That's cool. Subscribe! Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads starred in the film De Grønne Slagtere (The Green Butchers), but did you know that it is actually part of a triology of films who are all in the genre Scandinavian comedy, which is much more morbid than its American counterpart? To unsubscribe, reply cancel. why would I ever want to unsubscribe to this?? more! Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads started his career in 1996, but it was actually first 10 years later in 2006 when he made his debut on the international scene, most notably known as Le Chiffre in Casino Royale. To unsubscribe, reply cancel Edit: He actually starred in King Arthur in 2004. Whoops. It's a shame he was disgustingly wasted as a villain in Dr Strange. What a missed opportunity. imagery in that show haunts you for a while. I binge watched first season. won't be doing that again. How was season 3? I kinda gave up after the first 3 episodes cause I got really bored, I loved the first 2 seasons. He had that thing down way back when he was just on Danish TV. He is a special looking fucker, but that's probably also a big part of why he is successful internationally now. And he's such a great actor. He normally looks like an evil guy, but in The Hunt, he seems such a nice, caring guy. In Men and Chicken, he looks like someone with an uncontrollable masturbation habit. That's the average dane. We masturbate a lot. Source: am danish Fun trivia! Denmark lifted the ban on pornography in 1967, and we legalized it in 1969 - as the first country in the world. That's really cool. It's one of my criteria if I ever need to relocate. I'd go to a country that doesn't vilify porn. You should have seen him in Pusher “Du sidder da ikke og stikker dine fissefingre ned i min armagnac!” https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/5g2vbq/hideo_kojima_mads_mikkelsen/dap6pah The man is insane. I think this ongoing trailer of his is basically just an excuse for him to bro out with all his favourite actors. Not pictured: Geoff Keighley under the table presenting an extra special award to Kojima Award Received by: Hideo Kojima Award Received by: Hideo Kojima Geoff Keighley Geoff Keighley by Hideo Kojima "Geoff, I'm accepting this award tonight in the hope you will stop camping out on my lawn trying to give me awards. Also STAY OUT OF MY BINS." I don't see why everyone is making fun of Geoff's speech. Hideo clearly has respect for him, too, he was even tearing up last night and said "I love you Geoff". It's kinda like seeing that one kid at school hug his mom, then pointing and saying, "Haw Haw he loves his mom!" Light hearted, childish ribbing. ;) Nah because low hanging gay jokes yield better karma. He actually did great as host yesterday. 100% agree. I regret being douchey about Geoff a few years back when he was making his rounds as the Dewrito Pope. Now that I'm older, I have more understanding and respect for what he does. Grunts by: Hideo Kojima Moans by: Hideo Kojima Table assembled by: Hideo Kojima Clean up by: Hideo Kojima Does kojima ever age Once he hots 70, maybe. What about if he colds 70? What then? Hot Coldman. Hotdeo Coldjima. What was his name again? Firey Warmguy? Japanese gene. 50 year old women look like 30 here. Probably all the fish in their diet. Mads has some forearms! I also have two of those But are they sexy? Find out next week on: r/forearmporn ! 4 years, 7 months and 10 days /r/jesuschristreddit I love thet they are all tagged nsfw. Of course that's a thing... r/ofcoursethatsathing /r/madslads Thank you, this made me laugh It comes with sorcery training. /r/unexpectedmasturbation "Hey Konami, check me out with my awesome famous actor friends, you jealous?" -Kojima, probably That's one beautiful 127 year old man Don't eat that cake, Hideo. You don't know what he put in it.. Nothing here is vegetarian ;) That cake is probably made from Gideon's kneecaps Mads seems like he's cool as shit. I'd eat a cake with him Just make sure the cake wasn't made by him. And Mads will eat you with a cake. I have high hopes for death stranding. All star cast and god of the gaming community. When it's finally released in 2036, based on Kojima's impossibly high standards and long development times, it will be fantastic. Can't wait to pick it up along with the new Tool album. I heard it'll be bundled with HL3 Obligatory GRRM will never finish joke I want to live in whatever universe you guys are all living in As we introduce Bernie Sanders as President. We can plug it straight into our templejack neuronets! Oh, wow! It's coming out before the next Elder Scrolls? Thanks, came to find out why they were together and it took forever to find a comment mentioning a game. I met Mads in LA and he was such a nice guy. Currently watching through Hannibal as well. He's one of my favourite sinister villains. They should've continued the Hannibal series. Supposedly there are rumors of netflix wanting to do season 4, but we've been hearing that since season 3... Mads is so awesome, I rewatch hannibal every year just because I like him so much You know who'd lose their shit about this picture? /r/Denmark Relevant SATW Why? Because Mads Mikkelsen is Danish and we're very proud of him. Oh nice! They should be. Beyond that, he keeps doing Danish movies even though I'm sure he gets much more profitable deals from abroad. For those interested and who does not mind watching non-English movies, what I see as his greatest work of all is Jagten (The Hunt), a movie about the consequences of neighbourhood vigilantism and judgement before evidence is presented. very proud of him. Mad about him. Mads is Danish. Very famous there. See the comment by /u/phantuba - it explains it very, very well. Ayy IL KEEP CUMMING Oh my goodness, it's Le Chiffre! And the bad guy from Doctor Strange, whatever his name was Bumblebee Cabbagepatch? I meant the villain character Bandicoot Crumblebread? :/ Beefstew Calculator? Is that Le Chiffre from Casino Royale? Yes. And the latest villain in Doctor Strange. He has a good face for a villain! What kind of shitty friends make you a birthday cake covered in fondant? White marzipan, friend, white marzipan. White marzipan can't not read it in homestar runner's voice MARzipaaaaaaan Stwongbaaaad. Line... I approve of Mads rise to power. May he have a long and terrible reign. Seriously the guy is crazy talented, and an incredibly nice and humble person (met him at a horror convention, took time with every single person and apologized profusely for taking 5 minutes for a smoke break). I wish he could parlay any new success into getting Hannibal brought back. Wait, so the cake must symbolize the layers of Kojima's mind and the white frosting with one black band indicates his purity with an undercurrent of darkness. Notice the six candles? With proper inferences you can deduce it is a metaphor for a "sixth sense" which they both have obtained recently as you can see the fists or "grasping hands" are located parallel to the candles. What sixth sense? Well thats up for debate but I would infer it represents an allegory for the narrative within Kojima's and now Mads' mind. EDIT: You get it? Cuz everyone always analyzes the bejesus out of Kojima stuff! Its a joke! Haha. I'm a riot. God the size of that man's fist. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Not gaming related but Mads is one of the most underrated actors ever. Well he's getting his due recognition as of late. It started well before Hannibal and he's now kicking some serious ass in high budget movies like Dr. Strange, Rogue One and well, we shall see :) True, also The Hunt is a modern classic imho. That 25-year old on the right is 53. (The dude in his 30s-40s on the left is 51). A little part of me hopes he sleeps with all the female cast in rogue one. ALL of them But what about felici- ALL OF THEM Mads Mikkelsen has slowly worked his beautiful self up the ladder to my favorite actors list. It looks like they went to the Nicholas Winding Refn School of posing for pictures: http://imgur.com/a/NUzhb Which one's which? Hideo is the one in the middle and Mads is taking the picture Mads is the one who eats people But Hideo is the one pulling the strings You can find Mads Mikkelsen by Hideo Kojima Under-rated comment Just to remind people how awesome Mads Mikkelsen is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iy37ou-cjvI Hideo Kojima + Guillermo del Toro + Mads Mikkelsen + Norman Reedus = Death Stranding Wow sejt !! I need to know what shirt Mads is wearing, anyone know? Or the one like it that isn't most likely $500 Come a long way from Casino Royale, Mads just seems like the guy that's too cool for school, but ain't no fool You know, I wonder if Mads being in Death Stranding is why Kojima tweeted quite a bit about Mads this summer. As a gamer (not hardcore but not casual either) and a Hannibal fan. Too much awesome in one pic Kojima reminds me of that Japanese gaming CEO dude in Black Mirror Mads is one of the most under-rated actors ever. Check out "the Hunt" on Netflix if you want to cry. and i mean manly clutch your stomach weeping on the ground cry. Was he the best, or the greatest Bond villain? I wonder if Mads cooked anything for Hideo's birthday. We are going to know absolutely nothing about this game for so long, but I'm optimistic that Hideo will make something amazing. This is a great fucking combo. Whatever comes out of this gonna be epic. u/spez : Best Mikkelsen film you probably haven't watched, Pusher. Do yourself a favor. "Respekt" edit- Totally agree. Pusher is fantastic. And talking about sinister actors, Kim Bodnia is pretty hardcore too Mannnnn, i really want Hannibal to come back :( Happy Birthday Jewish? But does he live at the end of the Hunt? Is that Hannibal If anyone wants to see how good Mads is I HIGHLY recommend watching the Hannibal TV series. His portrayal of Hannibal Lecter surpasses Anthony Hopkins by 10 miles.﻿ /r/madslads Fucking love Mads! (Not pictured: Geoff Keighley crying in a corner) hideo cutejima As a Dane, it's strange to see Mads Mikkelsen explode into the international scene like this. I remember watching him on this crime show - "Rejseholdet" - which was basically the Danish version of CSI. Now he's a villain in Doctor Strange, an Imperial scientist in Star Wars, and apparently some kind of shapeshifting military badass in a Kojima game. Girl nerd's pick for threesome. I am so glad they are working together. I think Mads plays a fantastic villain, and does a great job when he doesn't as well (like in Adams Apples) Hideo Kojima (Hideo Kojima) This man made everything, even himself. Didn't even need a mother. That's him in the capsule in the trailer. Makes sense, the whole game is a story of his birthday Now I'm imagining him having a dream about being a baby cradled by a naked Norman Reedus and the plot to Death Stranding has just started to make sense to me. ... I don't even like fanfiction and this has now become my head-canon That...jesus that actually makes a lot of sense in a really warped way. Hideo kojima's mother by: hideo kojima He's his own father? Philip J. Fry would be proud. Hideo's Mother by Hideo Kojima He even made a live action Mads Mikkelsen. When he was an unborn baby, he grew in a pregnancy machine of his design and was fed through an umbilical cord attached to his adult self. does this mean he will kill himself? as played by Revolver............. gun twirls............... Ocelot! MEOW! MEOW! by Hideo Kojima http://i.imgur.com/kETfLfJ.jpg Revolver "Revolver Ocelot" Ocelot (Revolver Ocelot) I am SHALAKAKALASHKASHALALALALAKASHASHKA! Shalalashashaka Hideo Kojima (Hideo Kojima) [Hideo Kojima] {Hideo Kjima} Revolver Ocelot Mads Mikkelson(Hideo Kojima) Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima Hideo "please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima'" Kojima Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said "Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima'" Kojima Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said ' Hideo 'Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima' Kojima" Kojima FTFY NOW that's what I call "Hideo Kojima" Vol. 3 Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo. All the Hids Hideo "No seriously guys, no one calls me Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said "Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima' Kojima" Kojima" Kojima Hideo-ception "Inception" Kojima-ception This will never stop being hilarious. Hideo "Hideo Adam "The Kovic" Kovic Kojima" Kojima. Translator's note: Hideo Kojima means "Hideo Kojima" His English name is Greatman Smallisle (or Excellenceman Smallisland) I'm putting this as into my D&D campaign as an NPC name. I'd take it as an incredibly arrogant PC. Which is a fine detective's name if I ever heard one. Sounds like when Trump compleminsults someone. I thought it was a mode on my TV. Reminds me of Mr Bean's Holiday lol Didn't realise that Kojima made that one! He probably made you too. Probably explains why my plot is so obtuse. He made Obtuse too Not nearly as good as the first one. He made the first one too. One + too =three Half life 3 by Hideout Kojima confirmed It all makes sense now! My god! http://i.imgur.com/M7PhNzD.gif Doesn't look like anything to me. STARRING: Venom "Punished" Bean BEAN Parasite Unit Not forgetting Bean Ocelot BROTHEEEER!! TEDDYYYYY!! Nothing... nothing... nothing... Ageing by: Hideo Kojima Candles Blown Out by: Hideo Kojima Wish Made by: Hideo Kojima Happy Birthday to: Hideo Kojima Guest starring the "SKULLS" Parasite Unit. Oh god no By Hideo Kojima Man who sold the world plays in the background Sold by Hideo Kojima World by Hideo Kojima Background by Hideo Kojima Mads Mikkelsen by Hideo Kojima [deleted] https://c1.staticflickr.com/5/4055/4527498122_7e503a25d3_b.jpg Holy fuck is this a real label? Cake by: Hannibal Lecter Haha! ...wait... Cake eaten by: Hideo kojima Revolver Ocelot by: Hideo "Revolver Ocelot" Kojima Clothing by: Marc Jacobs by Hideo Kojima Michael Scott By Hideo Kojima So it wasn't just my imagination that he credits his name multiple times in an uncommon way. When things went sour between Konami and Hideo during the development of MGSV, Konami removed Hideo's name from the box art. http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2015/07/konami-removes-kojimas-name-from-metal-gear-solid-v-box-art/ As a response, Hideo added "credits" to each mission, which meant his name was displayed prominently every time a mission was started. It was basically a "fuck you" to Konami on his way out the door. Not really true. The game was made to play out like a TV show from the beginning, meaning credits for each episode. It wasn't changed to be a response to the box art fiasco. Kojima knew he was getting fired before ground zeroes was even released. He changed the story of MGSV to reflect that and using what they had dev'd and made a game. That's why the cinematics you saw 2 years ahead of time were the entire game already. It became a game about losing everything he had. Kojima last night said he thought he lost everything. There's a bonus Ground Zeroes mission about erasing the MGS titles he worked on and how even if they erase the markings the memories will always be there. As a long time die hard Kojima fan people don't realize how Kojima tends to shape his games to reflect his ideas/life/etc. Did he decide to do that specifically to spite Konami? Maybe not. But a great deal of MGSV does reflect on his situation with Konami. MGSV will always be Kojima's Phantom Pain. As a long time die hard Kojima fan people don't realize how Kojima tends to shape his games to reflect his ideas/life/etc. Which is why the end of MGS2 mindfucked 8th grade me. I like how you made up a "fact" considering you have literally no idea if that was the reasoning or not. Culinary Concept Art by: Yoji Shinkawa and Hideo Kojima Comment by Hideo Kojima Hideo Kojima by: Hideo Kojima Featuring The Skulls Quit mission And the "Hideo Kojima: Hideo Kojima/Hideo Kojima - Hideo Kojima" Hideo Kojima award goes to.... Mads Mikkelsen by Hideo Kojima Hideo Kojima by: Mr. and Mrs. Kojima (Monster's Inc. anyone?) Hideo Kojima by Hideo Kojima Hideo and Kojima Hideo Kojima (in association with Hideo Kojima) presents: MGS5: The Phantom Pain, a Hideo Kojima Production featuring Hideo Kojima. Hideo Kojima produced by: Mr. and Mrs. Kojima Can someone explain this to me? I don't know much about Hideo Kojima but it seems like he can literally do everything You have been banned from /r/Konami Voice of God: Hideo Kojima A Hideo Kojima meme. Hideo "Don't call me 'Hideo Kojima'" Kojima Starring Hideo Kojima as Hideo Kojima Guest Starring Mads Mikkelsen as Hideo Kojima Guest Starring Skulls Parasite Unit Mads Mikkelsen by : Hideo Kojima Featuring: Featuring the "Skulls" Parasite Unit And introducing Hideo Kojima as Hideo Kojima By Hideo Kojima You dropped a colon on the Mads Mikkelson line Opening Song "Hideo kids Hideo wife" Performed by: Pitbull ft. Hideo Kojima Soooo he still doesn't own this right? (fades in) A Hideo Kojima Birthday (fades out) A Hideo Kojima Production And most importantly Fuck Konami by: Hideo Kojima 'A Hideo Kojima birthday' You may joke, but that's what prevented Konami from taking his name off MGSV. His name must've been in there over 1000 times, and some of those were inside textures and assets. Hell, he even had an in-game model of himself put in there. Ultimately, this all just humiliated Konami even beyond what they had already done to themselves. Strippers by: Hideo Kojima People Cake by: Mads Mikkelsen A Hideo Kojima Game by Hideo Kojima Guest Staring: THE SKULL UNIT Lol very good Mads Mikkelsen by: Hideo Kojima This man made everything, even himself. Didn't even need a mother. That's him in the capsule in the trailer. Makes sense, the whole game is a story of his birthday Now I'm imagining him having a dream about being a baby cradled by a naked Norman Reedus and the plot to Death Stranding has just started to make sense to me. ... I don't even like fanfiction and this has now become my head-canon That...jesus that actually makes a lot of sense in a really warped way. Hideo kojima's mother by: hideo kojima He's his own father? Philip J. Fry would be proud. Hideo's Mother by Hideo Kojima He even made a live action Mads Mikkelsen. When he was an unborn baby, he grew in a pregnancy machine of his design and was fed through an umbilical cord attached to his adult self. does this mean he will kill himself? as played by Revolver............. gun twirls............... Ocelot! MEOW! MEOW! by Hideo Kojima http://i.imgur.com/kETfLfJ.jpg Revolver "Revolver Ocelot" Ocelot (Revolver Ocelot) I am SHALAKAKALASHKASHALALALALAKASHASHKA! Shalalashashaka Hideo Kojima (Hideo Kojima) [Hideo Kojima] {Hideo Kjima} Revolver Ocelot Mads Mikkelson(Hideo Kojima) That's him in the capsule in the trailer. Makes sense, the whole game is a story of his birthday Now I'm imagining him having a dream about being a baby cradled by a naked Norman Reedus and the plot to Death Stranding has just started to make sense to me. ... I don't even like fanfiction and this has now become my head-canon That...jesus that actually makes a lot of sense in a really warped way. Hideo kojima's mother by: hideo kojima He's his own father? Philip J. Fry would be proud. Hideo's Mother by Hideo Kojima He even made a live action Mads Mikkelsen. When he was an unborn baby, he grew in a pregnancy machine of his design and was fed through an umbilical cord attached to his adult self. does this mean he will kill himself? Makes sense, the whole game is a story of his birthday Now I'm imagining him having a dream about being a baby cradled by a naked Norman Reedus and the plot to Death Stranding has just started to make sense to me. ... I don't even like fanfiction and this has now become my head-canon That...jesus that actually makes a lot of sense in a really warped way. Now I'm imagining him having a dream about being a baby cradled by a naked Norman Reedus and the plot to Death Stranding has just started to make sense to me. ... I don't even like fanfiction and this has now become my head-canon ... I don't even like fanfiction and this has now become my head-canon He's his own father? Philip J. Fry would be proud. MEOW! MEOW! by Hideo Kojima http://i.imgur.com/kETfLfJ.jpg Revolver "Revolver Ocelot" Ocelot (Revolver Ocelot) I am SHALAKAKALASHKASHALALALALAKASHASHKA! Shalalashashaka MEOW! by Hideo Kojima http://i.imgur.com/kETfLfJ.jpg http://i.imgur.com/kETfLfJ.jpg Hideo "please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima'" Kojima Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said "Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima'" Kojima Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said ' Hideo 'Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima' Kojima" Kojima FTFY NOW that's what I call "Hideo Kojima" Vol. 3 Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo. All the Hids Hideo "No seriously guys, no one calls me Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said "Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima' Kojima" Kojima" Kojima Hideo-ception "Inception" Kojima-ception This will never stop being hilarious. Hideo "Hideo Adam "The Kovic" Kovic Kojima" Kojima. Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said "Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima'" Kojima Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said ' Hideo 'Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima' Kojima" Kojima FTFY NOW that's what I call "Hideo Kojima" Vol. 3 Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo. All the Hids Hideo "No seriously guys, no one calls me Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said "Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima' Kojima" Kojima" Kojima Hideo-ception "Inception" Kojima-ception This will never stop being hilarious. Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said ' Hideo 'Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima' Kojima" Kojima FTFY NOW that's what I call "Hideo Kojima" Vol. 3 Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo. All the Hids Hideo "No seriously guys, no one calls me Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said "Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima' Kojima" Kojima" Kojima Hideo-ception "Inception" Kojima-ception NOW that's what I call "Hideo Kojima" Vol. 3 Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo. All the Hids Hideo "No seriously guys, no one calls me Hideo "Thats not what I meant when I said "Please don't call me 'Hideo "Hideo Kojima" Kojima' Kojima" Kojima" Kojima Hideo-ception "Inception" Kojima-ception Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo. All the Hids His English name is Greatman Smallisle (or Excellenceman Smallisland) I'm putting this as into my D&D campaign as an NPC name. I'd take it as an incredibly arrogant PC. Which is a fine detective's name if I ever heard one. Sounds like when Trump compleminsults someone. I thought it was a mode on my TV. I'm putting this as into my D&D campaign as an NPC name. I'd take it as an incredibly arrogant PC. Which is a fine detective's name if I ever heard one. Sounds like when Trump compleminsults someone. I'd take it as an incredibly arrogant PC. Didn't realise that Kojima made that one! He probably made you too. Probably explains why my plot is so obtuse. He made Obtuse too Not nearly as good as the first one. He made the first one too. One + too =three Half life 3 by Hideout Kojima confirmed It all makes sense now! My god! http://i.imgur.com/M7PhNzD.gif Doesn't look like anything to me. STARRING: Venom "Punished" Bean BEAN Parasite Unit Not forgetting Bean Ocelot BROTHEEEER!! TEDDYYYYY!! Nothing... nothing... nothing... He probably made you too. Probably explains why my plot is so obtuse. He made Obtuse too Not nearly as good as the first one. He made the first one too. One + too =three Half life 3 by Hideout Kojima confirmed It all makes sense now! My god! http://i.imgur.com/M7PhNzD.gif Doesn't look like anything to me. Probably explains why my plot is so obtuse. He made Obtuse too Not nearly as good as the first one. He made the first one too. One + too =three Half life 3 by Hideout Kojima confirmed It all makes sense now! My god! http://i.imgur.com/M7PhNzD.gif Doesn't look like anything to me. He made Obtuse too Not nearly as good as the first one. He made the first one too. One + too =three Half life 3 by Hideout Kojima confirmed It all makes sense now! My god! http://i.imgur.com/M7PhNzD.gif Not nearly as good as the first one. He made the first one too. One + too =three Half life 3 by Hideout Kojima confirmed It all makes sense now! My god! He made the first one too. One + too =three Half life 3 by Hideout Kojima confirmed It all makes sense now! My god! One + too =three Half life 3 by Hideout Kojima confirmed It all makes sense now! My god! It all makes sense now! My god! BEAN Parasite Unit Not forgetting Bean Ocelot BROTHEEEER!! TEDDYYYYY!! Not forgetting Bean Ocelot Oh god no By Hideo Kojima Sold by Hideo Kojima World by Hideo Kojima Background by Hideo Kojima World by Hideo Kojima Background by Hideo Kojima Background by Hideo Kojima https://c1.staticflickr.com/5/4055/4527498122_7e503a25d3_b.jpg Holy fuck is this a real label? Holy fuck is this a real label? Haha! ...wait... by Hideo Kojima Michael Scott By Hideo Kojima Michael Scott By Hideo Kojima When things went sour between Konami and Hideo during the development of MGSV, Konami removed Hideo's name from the box art. http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2015/07/konami-removes-kojimas-name-from-metal-gear-solid-v-box-art/ As a response, Hideo added "credits" to each mission, which meant his name was displayed prominently every time a mission was started. It was basically a "fuck you" to Konami on his way out the door. Not really true. The game was made to play out like a TV show from the beginning, meaning credits for each episode. It wasn't changed to be a response to the box art fiasco. Kojima knew he was getting fired before ground zeroes was even released. He changed the story of MGSV to reflect that and using what they had dev'd and made a game. That's why the cinematics you saw 2 years ahead of time were the entire game already. It became a game about losing everything he had. Kojima last night said he thought he lost everything. There's a bonus Ground Zeroes mission about erasing the MGS titles he worked on and how even if they erase the markings the memories will always be there. As a long time die hard Kojima fan people don't realize how Kojima tends to shape his games to reflect his ideas/life/etc. Did he decide to do that specifically to spite Konami? Maybe not. But a great deal of MGSV does reflect on his situation with Konami. MGSV will always be Kojima's Phantom Pain. As a long time die hard Kojima fan people don't realize how Kojima tends to shape his games to reflect his ideas/life/etc. Which is why the end of MGS2 mindfucked 8th grade me. I like how you made up a "fact" considering you have literally no idea if that was the reasoning or not. Not really true. The game was made to play out like a TV show from the beginning, meaning credits for each episode. It wasn't changed to be a response to the box art fiasco. Kojima knew he was getting fired before ground zeroes was even released. He changed the story of MGSV to reflect that and using what they had dev'd and made a game. That's why the cinematics you saw 2 years ahead of time were the entire game already. It became a game about losing everything he had. Kojima last night said he thought he lost everything. There's a bonus Ground Zeroes mission about erasing the MGS titles he worked on and how even if they erase the markings the memories will always be there. As a long time die hard Kojima fan people don't realize how Kojima tends to shape his games to reflect his ideas/life/etc. Did he decide to do that specifically to spite Konami? Maybe not. But a great deal of MGSV does reflect on his situation with Konami. MGSV will always be Kojima's Phantom Pain. As a long time die hard Kojima fan people don't realize how Kojima tends to shape his games to reflect his ideas/life/etc. Which is why the end of MGS2 mindfucked 8th grade me. I like how you made up a "fact" considering you have literally no idea if that was the reasoning or not. Kojima knew he was getting fired before ground zeroes was even released. He changed the story of MGSV to reflect that and using what they had dev'd and made a game. That's why the cinematics you saw 2 years ahead of time were the entire game already. It became a game about losing everything he had. Kojima last night said he thought he lost everything. There's a bonus Ground Zeroes mission about erasing the MGS titles he worked on and how even if they erase the markings the memories will always be there. As a long time die hard Kojima fan people don't realize how Kojima tends to shape his games to reflect his ideas/life/etc. Did he decide to do that specifically to spite Konami? Maybe not. But a great deal of MGSV does reflect on his situation with Konami. MGSV will always be Kojima's Phantom Pain. As a long time die hard Kojima fan people don't realize how Kojima tends to shape his games to reflect his ideas/life/etc. Which is why the end of MGS2 mindfucked 8th grade me. As a long time die hard Kojima fan people don't realize how Kojima tends to shape his games to reflect his ideas/life/etc. Which is why the end of MGS2 mindfucked 8th grade me. Mads Mikkelsen by Hideo Kojima by Hideo Kojima I love that this gif makes fun of Kojima while still sticking it to Konami lol Kojima admits he has faults, he just doesn't care. He makes games he wants to play, that's the secret most successful game developers have. Same goes for books; write the books you'd want to read, with the stories you want to tell, rather than the books you want other people to read, with stories you think they want to be told. What kills most great TV series is fan service. You start out writing the story you want to tell, then 4 seasons in you have all these fans who have ideas about what they want to see. So you start trying to give them what they want instead of writing the most compelling story. cough Otherwise known as the "CW effect." cough looks at Arrow looks at Supernatural You're really, really not wrong. Who the fuck told CW that arrow has to devolve into a show about Felicity? (gonna fucking hate myself for even typing it...) well, "olicity" fans. Fuck. I can understand not liking something. But sending death threats and telling an actress to kill herself? What is wrong with (some, not you I hope) people... Both sides. Are. Crazy. I just watch it, go "meh, not that good" or "Hey, I liked that" and that is it. Uncle Guggie. Haven't seen supernatural in ages, so I can't really speak there. But the newest season of Arrow has been really good. Especially after the 4 (3) part crossover that just happened. Supernatural's been on a roll recently as well! Season 11 was their best since season 5 in my mind. Damn that TV cast has to be so fucking rich by now. They'll cock it up soon enough. The invasion story was pretty good. I haven't watched arrow this season so I was a little out of the loop with the two new guys, but they were minor enough that it didn't matter. I stopped following Supernatural around the time Crowley became in charge of Hell. Am I missing out on anything? It definitely picks up in my opinion. Granted, I've always been a fan of the series, so I'm a little bit biased. I will say, if you watched Supernatural for Crowley, don't watch a single other episode. He goes from puppet master to butt monkey very quickly. Supernatural is getting it's shit together again, though. Carry on my wayward souuun! What does CW stand for? Game of Thrones and Daenerys storyline? Undoubtedly. Sometimes when I reread what I wrote, I get excited like reading a new book. That's when I know I did something right. I know this feeling exactly; if your own work can move you at all, you're doing something right for your story. And hopefully there'll be people out there who'll like it as much as well; even shitty fanfics I wrote 13-14 years ago that could get me excited/emotive whilst proof-reading got some positive feedback, so I must've been doing something right! Totally true. Also, a lot of people get disappointed when their friends don't get as excited about their writing as they did. The reality is that their friends probably just aren't the target audience. Yeah... though the friends bit is kinda hard on you. They can proof-read and point out mistakes, but they aren't necessarily going to overly like your work, and catering to them can make it undermine your own vision, which just... sucks. "I believe in doing what I like. I set about selling it afterwards." -Mervyn Peake Just dance like nobody's watching bro Shit, that's what I've always heard as advice in creative endeavors. Is there a game you want to play that no one is making? Make it. Is there a book you want to read, but no one is writing it? Write it. And so on. I've heard that as far back as... Fourth grade or some such, like fourteen years ago. In 5th grade me and my cousin wrote out this idea of a game were you just live life, like as an adult. Get a job, design your house, have a family if you want. We thought it'd be amazing and you could do some really interesting things with it. a number of years later, the sims released. Well... You and your cousin were right, I guess. Ya, I remember calling him when I read about it and he was like "I wish we'd have made that!" And I was all, Ya cuz a couple of junior high/middle school students coulda done this! Plot twist, cousin published Sims, claimed all of the credit while excluding you. He fuckin would, what a douche. Plot Twist: They are the creators of Roy and Roy 2: Dave in the future. Jones in the Fast Lane and Little Computer People were precursors to these kind of games, if you're interested in some gaming history. The first one is definitely still playable and a lot of fun if you never tried it. "See a need, fill a need" - Rodney Copperbottom Some secret. You just told everyone! SELL YOUR STOCKS EVERYONE, HE'S DONE. He certainly has a particular artistic vision for his games, probably most evident in Death Stranding and P.T. Im glad though, it feels like he is having fun and exploring how far he can mix art and gaming. I'm liking it though, I think this type of abstract unreliable narrator horror survivor isn't something we have really seen in gaming. If he has great sound design in game as well, I would be totally immersed. That's true in theory but you also tend to convince yourself that it's something you would want to play/read/watch after spending so much time on it. It's easy to lose perspective and get stuck up your own ass on things like this. Kojima is a great developer and he respects the medium more than most but I think he would do well to get some real, no-bullshit peer reviewing and constructive criticism. I'd love to see him go somewhere like Rock Star just to see what sort of crazy shit would happen. It'll never happen and it's most likely a horrible idea from a financial standpoint but holy shit there would be some crazy things going on in that studio. I'm pretty sure at least one person involved would just completely lose their mind. Kojima has worked with others before. Hell before Silent Hills was cancelled he was working with other great minds like Junji Ito and del Toro. He makes great games. They may be a bit wacky at times but that's because it's a video game, he doesn't see the need for it to he serious all the time. People forget that some of the worst games (and other creative endeavors) are made that way too - even by really good creators. George Lucas and the prequels come to mind. He's a very creative soul with some good ideas that just needed some tempering and editing. By the time of the prequels (and maybe Return of the Jedi) nobody could really say no, so he wasn't able to grow as an artist. I'm curious how it makes fun of kojima? It looks more like Sony is acting like a cheapskeet by wanting to make low budget and fast developed titles Edit:I get it now, thanx for explaining it to me In the designing world you get to pick 2/3 Low budget. Quick turn around. Quality product. The boss upstairs will always pick the first two with designer almost always fighting for the last one. Been doing this for 10+ years now. It's a shitty game. Indeed another part of it is creative people can spend their entire lives working on what makes them a success then they need to do that a again but bigger in maybe 1-2 years or they're a "failure". Literally in the middle of that right now... Bosses: "Hey we know you designed everything perfect for this last catalog and everything flows very well and the information is really easy to absorbs but we're gonna need you to change it up while still making it just as intuitive." Thedaveness: fuck you. You'd have thought that Kojima would have garnered some leeway over the years... This is why sequels tend to suck. The boss of course picks all three but only focuses on the first two and blames the developer when the third wasn't done. I mean MGS 5 went massively over budget and took years to make and it still wasn't all the way done. Kojima takes a long time to make games Kojima claims he missed the target ship date for mgs5 by only a few months and came in under budget. Konami didn't say anything about it. In any case a bit part of it was just how comparably expensive traditional game developement is versus mobile. Mobile is also where the big money is in japan. MGSV had multiple planned chapters that weren't developed at all because Kojima was out of time/money. Makes sense when you play the game. The opening prologue with the amazing cinematic events disappeared halfway through the game. The over budget shit is speculation based on one composer who was told to write 12 songs for MGSV and they only used 4. It's because Kojima went way over budget for MGS 5 in both time and money plus the "perfectly-paced cutscene" line is a bit of a joke I imagine because some of them go a bit too long at times. The ending of MGS4 holds the record for longest cutscene sequence in a video game at 71 minutes long. In engine, at that! It wasn't just ending the game, it was ending the whole Solid Snake storyline. There were a lot of loose threads to tie up. But yeah, it was damn long. I fell asleep when the credits started to roll. The next day my cousin starts speaking about how Big Boss appeared after that to set things straight, etc.. I didn't believe him lol. Had to re-finish the game next night. As a MGS4 defender, I was always impressed that they bothered to wrap up so many hanging threads in the ending. I thought there was no way they were going to resolve everything that was going on in that game story-wise. It took over 70 minutes, but I'm glad they were able to do it! To be fair, it was a great ending. Oooohhh,now I get it.thanx for enlightening me.I didn't follow the development of mgs 5 quite closely mgs 4 was released in mid 2008, and mgs 5: phantom pain was released late 2015. I imagine konami execs got fed up waiting for more than 7 years just for a single game and just kicked out kojima and go full pachinko now. His storylines aren't the most approachable or easily grasped, his cutscenes have been long and absurd, etc. I played the first MGS because of its reputation, but good lord, I had no idea what was happening a good portion of the time. And only Japanese devs would handle being screwed by their employer quietly and with dignity. I'm not sure about Western cultures, but generally in Asian cultures, it's considered polite and magnanimous not to burn bridges even when leaving employers. Not defending what Konami did though, fuck em. It's generally polite everywhere, including Western cultures. It's called being professional. Or, phrased without icky business terms, being mature. It's a skill a lot of people lack. Yeah I would never dream of publicly burning a bridge at a past employer regardless of how shitty they treated me. Don't think this is exclusive to Japanese game devs Maybe that's a problem though. Employers have employees over a barrel, maybe if enough talent started talking about abusive or egregious employment situations and people started refusing to work for those companies, those practices would be less common. Sure, a lot of employers are shitty. But, honestly, a lot of employees are also shitty. For every 10 people you hear badmouth their former employer, I'd guess that five of them were just shitty employees and were treated fairly. Only 5? I think you are being generous Normal parts of human nature isn't going to disappear because people talk about it. My friend left his job without giving his 2-weeks because he "didn't want to make his new job wait, and think he didn't want to go." I tried to tell him how stupid that is, and any big company will not only understand that you need to put in a 2-week notice, but also respect it. What's to say you won't do the same to them if a different job rolls around? Exactly. We can debate whether its philosophically correct or not, but there's a saying that "perception is reality." It's not just about caring what your ex-employer thinks of you, but how your potential future employers might perceive it when they don't know the full story. Sometimes you gotta put your ego aside and look out for what's best for you in the long-term It isn't being professional. It is something corporate overlords have come to ingrain into people, much like talking about salary is supposed to be a big no-no also ingrained into people by corporations. Corporations have more to gain from not having people tell all than the reverse. Odds are if you left a place you were unhappy about working at you won't be going back and maybe can prevent others from being miserable. I think it is more unprofessional to allow people to blindly go into a place expecting it to be a good place to work and then finding out what you already knew. Here's an upvote for using common sense. Thanks. I had my 15 minutes of fame several years ago because I explicitly did this in my dev community and it got passed around on twitter resulting in making it into the newspaper. You'd think that I did something crazy by the fact I told it like it was and openly did so. Hey, I can't choose to age into an adult but, I can choose to be mature or not, because I'm an adult... Stinky head! There's a cultural difference at play as well. In the west if you're as much of a creative badass/legend as Kojima your ego and your art tends to supercede the importance of any company that you might do business with, whether they intend to help or impede you. Japanese worker culture is such that other development companies would seriously think twice about hiring Kojima if he even spoke publically about the series of events surrounding the whole Kojimagate affair. Sony seems to be above some of that but Kojima would still lose a lot of face if he complained whereas people in the West would just be cheering for him regardless of if he looked like he was whining about a massively ingrained social hierarchy. And many times what is 'professional' is just corporations' expression of their power over the working class. As someone in the industry, you definitely don't want to burn bridges because chances are you'll end up working with people again from that prior company. It really is a small industry and once you've worked at a large studio, you realize that for every other studio out there, you're working with someone that either used to work there or they know someone that went there. It's called saving face. I'm not sure how many British developers there are, but I'd imagine them tutting quietly under their breath as they angrily sip their tea. Guillermo del Toro approves. FUCK KONAMI That Snake Eater trailer in the Fox Engine but for pachinko made me hate Konami. What's going on? Konami is releasing an updated version of Snake Eater on an arcade machine? They're cutscenes that play on the screen while playing pachinko. rofl cheers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ht4dbyPIcM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2iJLy-1IGg They're releasing a Snake Eater version made with the Fox Engine maxed out for pachinko machines. Pachinko machines are basically very popular in Japan and they're like a slot machine with pinball elements. This is a really interesting video about pachinko machines You think that's bad? See this one. Wait... What was that?! Please tell me this is real please tell me this is real oh my god I didn't realize how badly I wanted this until I saw this video edit: it's fake. Time to kill myself My understanding is that they're making a ton of money off their pachinko stuff, and are much more profitable as a whole now. So from a business perspective, they didn't mess up. Saying this as someone who is insanely sad that the Castlevania IP is basically dead now. At least we got Bloodstained coming up. Oh totally. Konami's made bad artistic decisions but fantastic business ones. Context? When Kojima left Konami, this was an announcement from Sony together with him, that he will still make games, for Sony. (I think it was at E3? Can't check) Hideo Kojima parted ways with Konami about a year ago and then an announcement was made, stating that Kojima Productions would be partnering with Sony. Of course, someone made a gif from it, entitled, "What Kojima and Andrew House Were REALLY Saying in Their Announcement." ok, that really made me laugh. thanks for that! Look at that smile from Andrew House, pure bliss. MGS 3 Pachinko hurts mang I will never forget the hour long MGS4 cut scenes. Amazing game for its time, but fuck those cut scenes. pefectly paced cutscenes Can anyone give a real quick synopsis to what Konami did to Hideo? Kojima admits he has faults, he just doesn't care. He makes games he wants to play, that's the secret most successful game developers have. Same goes for books; write the books you'd want to read, with the stories you want to tell, rather than the books you want other people to read, with stories you think they want to be told. What kills most great TV series is fan service. You start out writing the story you want to tell, then 4 seasons in you have all these fans who have ideas about what they want to see. So you start trying to give them what they want instead of writing the most compelling story. cough Otherwise known as the "CW effect." cough looks at Arrow looks at Supernatural You're really, really not wrong. Who the fuck told CW that arrow has to devolve into a show about Felicity? (gonna fucking hate myself for even typing it...) well, "olicity" fans. Fuck. I can understand not liking something. But sending death threats and telling an actress to kill herself? What is wrong with (some, not you I hope) people... Both sides. Are. Crazy. I just watch it, go "meh, not that good" or "Hey, I liked that" and that is it. Uncle Guggie. Haven't seen supernatural in ages, so I can't really speak there. But the newest season of Arrow has been really good. Especially after the 4 (3) part crossover that just happened. Supernatural's been on a roll recently as well! Season 11 was their best since season 5 in my mind. Damn that TV cast has to be so fucking rich by now. They'll cock it up soon enough. The invasion story was pretty good. I haven't watched arrow this season so I was a little out of the loop with the two new guys, but they were minor enough that it didn't matter. I stopped following Supernatural around the time Crowley became in charge of Hell. Am I missing out on anything? It definitely picks up in my opinion. Granted, I've always been a fan of the series, so I'm a little bit biased. I will say, if you watched Supernatural for Crowley, don't watch a single other episode. He goes from puppet master to butt monkey very quickly. Supernatural is getting it's shit together again, though. Carry on my wayward souuun! What does CW stand for? Game of Thrones and Daenerys storyline? Undoubtedly. Sometimes when I reread what I wrote, I get excited like reading a new book. That's when I know I did something right. I know this feeling exactly; if your own work can move you at all, you're doing something right for your story. And hopefully there'll be people out there who'll like it as much as well; even shitty fanfics I wrote 13-14 years ago that could get me excited/emotive whilst proof-reading got some positive feedback, so I must've been doing something right! Totally true. Also, a lot of people get disappointed when their friends don't get as excited about their writing as they did. The reality is that their friends probably just aren't the target audience. Yeah... though the friends bit is kinda hard on you. They can proof-read and point out mistakes, but they aren't necessarily going to overly like your work, and catering to them can make it undermine your own vision, which just... sucks. "I believe in doing what I like. I set about selling it afterwards." -Mervyn Peake Just dance like nobody's watching bro Shit, that's what I've always heard as advice in creative endeavors. Is there a game you want to play that no one is making? Make it. Is there a book you want to read, but no one is writing it? Write it. And so on. I've heard that as far back as... Fourth grade or some such, like fourteen years ago. In 5th grade me and my cousin wrote out this idea of a game were you just live life, like as an adult. Get a job, design your house, have a family if you want. We thought it'd be amazing and you could do some really interesting things with it. a number of years later, the sims released. Well... You and your cousin were right, I guess. Ya, I remember calling him when I read about it and he was like "I wish we'd have made that!" And I was all, Ya cuz a couple of junior high/middle school students coulda done this! Plot twist, cousin published Sims, claimed all of the credit while excluding you. He fuckin would, what a douche. Plot Twist: They are the creators of Roy and Roy 2: Dave in the future. Jones in the Fast Lane and Little Computer People were precursors to these kind of games, if you're interested in some gaming history. The first one is definitely still playable and a lot of fun if you never tried it. "See a need, fill a need" - Rodney Copperbottom Some secret. You just told everyone! SELL YOUR STOCKS EVERYONE, HE'S DONE. He certainly has a particular artistic vision for his games, probably most evident in Death Stranding and P.T. Im glad though, it feels like he is having fun and exploring how far he can mix art and gaming. I'm liking it though, I think this type of abstract unreliable narrator horror survivor isn't something we have really seen in gaming. If he has great sound design in game as well, I would be totally immersed. That's true in theory but you also tend to convince yourself that it's something you would want to play/read/watch after spending so much time on it. It's easy to lose perspective and get stuck up your own ass on things like this. Kojima is a great developer and he respects the medium more than most but I think he would do well to get some real, no-bullshit peer reviewing and constructive criticism. I'd love to see him go somewhere like Rock Star just to see what sort of crazy shit would happen. It'll never happen and it's most likely a horrible idea from a financial standpoint but holy shit there would be some crazy things going on in that studio. I'm pretty sure at least one person involved would just completely lose their mind. Kojima has worked with others before. Hell before Silent Hills was cancelled he was working with other great minds like Junji Ito and del Toro. He makes great games. They may be a bit wacky at times but that's because it's a video game, he doesn't see the need for it to he serious all the time. People forget that some of the worst games (and other creative endeavors) are made that way too - even by really good creators. George Lucas and the prequels come to mind. He's a very creative soul with some good ideas that just needed some tempering and editing. By the time of the prequels (and maybe Return of the Jedi) nobody could really say no, so he wasn't able to grow as an artist. I'm curious how it makes fun of kojima? It looks more like Sony is acting like a cheapskeet by wanting to make low budget and fast developed titles Edit:I get it now, thanx for explaining it to me In the designing world you get to pick 2/3 Low budget. Quick turn around. Quality product. The boss upstairs will always pick the first two with designer almost always fighting for the last one. Been doing this for 10+ years now. It's a shitty game. Indeed another part of it is creative people can spend their entire lives working on what makes them a success then they need to do that a again but bigger in maybe 1-2 years or they're a "failure". Literally in the middle of that right now... Bosses: "Hey we know you designed everything perfect for this last catalog and everything flows very well and the information is really easy to absorbs but we're gonna need you to change it up while still making it just as intuitive." Thedaveness: fuck you. You'd have thought that Kojima would have garnered some leeway over the years... This is why sequels tend to suck. The boss of course picks all three but only focuses on the first two and blames the developer when the third wasn't done. I mean MGS 5 went massively over budget and took years to make and it still wasn't all the way done. Kojima takes a long time to make games Kojima claims he missed the target ship date for mgs5 by only a few months and came in under budget. Konami didn't say anything about it. In any case a bit part of it was just how comparably expensive traditional game developement is versus mobile. Mobile is also where the big money is in japan. MGSV had multiple planned chapters that weren't developed at all because Kojima was out of time/money. Makes sense when you play the game. The opening prologue with the amazing cinematic events disappeared halfway through the game. The over budget shit is speculation based on one composer who was told to write 12 songs for MGSV and they only used 4. It's because Kojima went way over budget for MGS 5 in both time and money plus the "perfectly-paced cutscene" line is a bit of a joke I imagine because some of them go a bit too long at times. The ending of MGS4 holds the record for longest cutscene sequence in a video game at 71 minutes long. In engine, at that! It wasn't just ending the game, it was ending the whole Solid Snake storyline. There were a lot of loose threads to tie up. But yeah, it was damn long. I fell asleep when the credits started to roll. The next day my cousin starts speaking about how Big Boss appeared after that to set things straight, etc.. I didn't believe him lol. Had to re-finish the game next night. As a MGS4 defender, I was always impressed that they bothered to wrap up so many hanging threads in the ending. I thought there was no way they were going to resolve everything that was going on in that game story-wise. It took over 70 minutes, but I'm glad they were able to do it! To be fair, it was a great ending. Oooohhh,now I get it.thanx for enlightening me.I didn't follow the development of mgs 5 quite closely mgs 4 was released in mid 2008, and mgs 5: phantom pain was released late 2015. I imagine konami execs got fed up waiting for more than 7 years just for a single game and just kicked out kojima and go full pachinko now. His storylines aren't the most approachable or easily grasped, his cutscenes have been long and absurd, etc. I played the first MGS because of its reputation, but good lord, I had no idea what was happening a good portion of the time. Same goes for books; write the books you'd want to read, with the stories you want to tell, rather than the books you want other people to read, with stories you think they want to be told. What kills most great TV series is fan service. You start out writing the story you want to tell, then 4 seasons in you have all these fans who have ideas about what they want to see. So you start trying to give them what they want instead of writing the most compelling story. cough Otherwise known as the "CW effect." cough looks at Arrow looks at Supernatural You're really, really not wrong. Who the fuck told CW that arrow has to devolve into a show about Felicity? (gonna fucking hate myself for even typing it...) well, "olicity" fans. Fuck. I can understand not liking something. But sending death threats and telling an actress to kill herself? What is wrong with (some, not you I hope) people... Both sides. Are. Crazy. I just watch it, go "meh, not that good" or "Hey, I liked that" and that is it. Uncle Guggie. Haven't seen supernatural in ages, so I can't really speak there. But the newest season of Arrow has been really good. Especially after the 4 (3) part crossover that just happened. Supernatural's been on a roll recently as well! Season 11 was their best since season 5 in my mind. Damn that TV cast has to be so fucking rich by now. They'll cock it up soon enough. The invasion story was pretty good. I haven't watched arrow this season so I was a little out of the loop with the two new guys, but they were minor enough that it didn't matter. I stopped following Supernatural around the time Crowley became in charge of Hell. Am I missing out on anything? It definitely picks up in my opinion. Granted, I've always been a fan of the series, so I'm a little bit biased. I will say, if you watched Supernatural for Crowley, don't watch a single other episode. He goes from puppet master to butt monkey very quickly. Supernatural is getting it's shit together again, though. Carry on my wayward souuun! What does CW stand for? Game of Thrones and Daenerys storyline? Undoubtedly. Sometimes when I reread what I wrote, I get excited like reading a new book. That's when I know I did something right. I know this feeling exactly; if your own work can move you at all, you're doing something right for your story. And hopefully there'll be people out there who'll like it as much as well; even shitty fanfics I wrote 13-14 years ago that could get me excited/emotive whilst proof-reading got some positive feedback, so I must've been doing something right! Totally true. Also, a lot of people get disappointed when their friends don't get as excited about their writing as they did. The reality is that their friends probably just aren't the target audience. Yeah... though the friends bit is kinda hard on you. They can proof-read and point out mistakes, but they aren't necessarily going to overly like your work, and catering to them can make it undermine your own vision, which just... sucks. "I believe in doing what I like. I set about selling it afterwards." -Mervyn Peake Just dance like nobody's watching bro Shit, that's what I've always heard as advice in creative endeavors. Is there a game you want to play that no one is making? Make it. Is there a book you want to read, but no one is writing it? Write it. And so on. I've heard that as far back as... Fourth grade or some such, like fourteen years ago. In 5th grade me and my cousin wrote out this idea of a game were you just live life, like as an adult. Get a job, design your house, have a family if you want. We thought it'd be amazing and you could do some really interesting things with it. a number of years later, the sims released. Well... You and your cousin were right, I guess. Ya, I remember calling him when I read about it and he was like "I wish we'd have made that!" And I was all, Ya cuz a couple of junior high/middle school students coulda done this! Plot twist, cousin published Sims, claimed all of the credit while excluding you. He fuckin would, what a douche. Plot Twist: They are the creators of Roy and Roy 2: Dave in the future. Jones in the Fast Lane and Little Computer People were precursors to these kind of games, if you're interested in some gaming history. The first one is definitely still playable and a lot of fun if you never tried it. "See a need, fill a need" - Rodney Copperbottom Some secret. You just told everyone! SELL YOUR STOCKS EVERYONE, HE'S DONE. He certainly has a particular artistic vision for his games, probably most evident in Death Stranding and P.T. Im glad though, it feels like he is having fun and exploring how far he can mix art and gaming. I'm liking it though, I think this type of abstract unreliable narrator horror survivor isn't something we have really seen in gaming. If he has great sound design in game as well, I would be totally immersed. That's true in theory but you also tend to convince yourself that it's something you would want to play/read/watch after spending so much time on it. It's easy to lose perspective and get stuck up your own ass on things like this. Kojima is a great developer and he respects the medium more than most but I think he would do well to get some real, no-bullshit peer reviewing and constructive criticism. I'd love to see him go somewhere like Rock Star just to see what sort of crazy shit would happen. It'll never happen and it's most likely a horrible idea from a financial standpoint but holy shit there would be some crazy things going on in that studio. I'm pretty sure at least one person involved would just completely lose their mind. Kojima has worked with others before. Hell before Silent Hills was cancelled he was working with other great minds like Junji Ito and del Toro. He makes great games. They may be a bit wacky at times but that's because it's a video game, he doesn't see the need for it to he serious all the time. People forget that some of the worst games (and other creative endeavors) are made that way too - even by really good creators. George Lucas and the prequels come to mind. He's a very creative soul with some good ideas that just needed some tempering and editing. By the time of the prequels (and maybe Return of the Jedi) nobody could really say no, so he wasn't able to grow as an artist. What kills most great TV series is fan service. You start out writing the story you want to tell, then 4 seasons in you have all these fans who have ideas about what they want to see. So you start trying to give them what they want instead of writing the most compelling story. cough Otherwise known as the "CW effect." cough looks at Arrow looks at Supernatural You're really, really not wrong. Who the fuck told CW that arrow has to devolve into a show about Felicity? (gonna fucking hate myself for even typing it...) well, "olicity" fans. Fuck. I can understand not liking something. But sending death threats and telling an actress to kill herself? What is wrong with (some, not you I hope) people... Both sides. Are. Crazy. I just watch it, go "meh, not that good" or "Hey, I liked that" and that is it. Uncle Guggie. Haven't seen supernatural in ages, so I can't really speak there. But the newest season of Arrow has been really good. Especially after the 4 (3) part crossover that just happened. Supernatural's been on a roll recently as well! Season 11 was their best since season 5 in my mind. Damn that TV cast has to be so fucking rich by now. They'll cock it up soon enough. The invasion story was pretty good. I haven't watched arrow this season so I was a little out of the loop with the two new guys, but they were minor enough that it didn't matter. I stopped following Supernatural around the time Crowley became in charge of Hell. Am I missing out on anything? It definitely picks up in my opinion. Granted, I've always been a fan of the series, so I'm a little bit biased. I will say, if you watched Supernatural for Crowley, don't watch a single other episode. He goes from puppet master to butt monkey very quickly. Supernatural is getting it's shit together again, though. Carry on my wayward souuun! What does CW stand for? Game of Thrones and Daenerys storyline? Undoubtedly. Sometimes when I reread what I wrote, I get excited like reading a new book. That's when I know I did something right. I know this feeling exactly; if your own work can move you at all, you're doing something right for your story. And hopefully there'll be people out there who'll like it as much as well; even shitty fanfics I wrote 13-14 years ago that could get me excited/emotive whilst proof-reading got some positive feedback, so I must've been doing something right! Totally true. Also, a lot of people get disappointed when their friends don't get as excited about their writing as they did. The reality is that their friends probably just aren't the target audience. Yeah... though the friends bit is kinda hard on you. They can proof-read and point out mistakes, but they aren't necessarily going to overly like your work, and catering to them can make it undermine your own vision, which just... sucks. "I believe in doing what I like. I set about selling it afterwards." -Mervyn Peake Just dance like nobody's watching bro cough Otherwise known as the "CW effect." cough looks at Arrow looks at Supernatural You're really, really not wrong. Who the fuck told CW that arrow has to devolve into a show about Felicity? (gonna fucking hate myself for even typing it...) well, "olicity" fans. Fuck. I can understand not liking something. But sending death threats and telling an actress to kill herself? What is wrong with (some, not you I hope) people... Both sides. Are. Crazy. I just watch it, go "meh, not that good" or "Hey, I liked that" and that is it. Uncle Guggie. Haven't seen supernatural in ages, so I can't really speak there. But the newest season of Arrow has been really good. Especially after the 4 (3) part crossover that just happened. Supernatural's been on a roll recently as well! Season 11 was their best since season 5 in my mind. Damn that TV cast has to be so fucking rich by now. They'll cock it up soon enough. The invasion story was pretty good. I haven't watched arrow this season so I was a little out of the loop with the two new guys, but they were minor enough that it didn't matter. I stopped following Supernatural around the time Crowley became in charge of Hell. Am I missing out on anything? It definitely picks up in my opinion. Granted, I've always been a fan of the series, so I'm a little bit biased. I will say, if you watched Supernatural for Crowley, don't watch a single other episode. He goes from puppet master to butt monkey very quickly. Supernatural is getting it's shit together again, though. Carry on my wayward souuun! What does CW stand for? Game of Thrones and Daenerys storyline? Undoubtedly. looks at Arrow looks at Supernatural You're really, really not wrong. Who the fuck told CW that arrow has to devolve into a show about Felicity? (gonna fucking hate myself for even typing it...) well, "olicity" fans. Fuck. I can understand not liking something. But sending death threats and telling an actress to kill herself? What is wrong with (some, not you I hope) people... Both sides. Are. Crazy. I just watch it, go "meh, not that good" or "Hey, I liked that" and that is it. Uncle Guggie. Haven't seen supernatural in ages, so I can't really speak there. But the newest season of Arrow has been really good. Especially after the 4 (3) part crossover that just happened. Supernatural's been on a roll recently as well! Season 11 was their best since season 5 in my mind. Damn that TV cast has to be so fucking rich by now. They'll cock it up soon enough. The invasion story was pretty good. I haven't watched arrow this season so I was a little out of the loop with the two new guys, but they were minor enough that it didn't matter. I stopped following Supernatural around the time Crowley became in charge of Hell. Am I missing out on anything? It definitely picks up in my opinion. Granted, I've always been a fan of the series, so I'm a little bit biased. I will say, if you watched Supernatural for Crowley, don't watch a single other episode. He goes from puppet master to butt monkey very quickly. Supernatural is getting it's shit together again, though. Carry on my wayward souuun! What does CW stand for? Who the fuck told CW that arrow has to devolve into a show about Felicity? (gonna fucking hate myself for even typing it...) well, "olicity" fans. Fuck. I can understand not liking something. But sending death threats and telling an actress to kill herself? What is wrong with (some, not you I hope) people... Both sides. Are. Crazy. I just watch it, go "meh, not that good" or "Hey, I liked that" and that is it. Uncle Guggie. Haven't seen supernatural in ages, so I can't really speak there. But the newest season of Arrow has been really good. Especially after the 4 (3) part crossover that just happened. Supernatural's been on a roll recently as well! Season 11 was their best since season 5 in my mind. Damn that TV cast has to be so fucking rich by now. They'll cock it up soon enough. The invasion story was pretty good. I haven't watched arrow this season so I was a little out of the loop with the two new guys, but they were minor enough that it didn't matter. I stopped following Supernatural around the time Crowley became in charge of Hell. Am I missing out on anything? It definitely picks up in my opinion. Granted, I've always been a fan of the series, so I'm a little bit biased. I will say, if you watched Supernatural for Crowley, don't watch a single other episode. He goes from puppet master to butt monkey very quickly. Supernatural is getting it's shit together again, though. (gonna fucking hate myself for even typing it...) well, "olicity" fans. Fuck. I can understand not liking something. But sending death threats and telling an actress to kill herself? What is wrong with (some, not you I hope) people... Both sides. Are. Crazy. I just watch it, go "meh, not that good" or "Hey, I liked that" and that is it. Uncle Guggie. I can understand not liking something. But sending death threats and telling an actress to kill herself? What is wrong with (some, not you I hope) people... Both sides. Are. Crazy. I just watch it, go "meh, not that good" or "Hey, I liked that" and that is it. Supernatural's been on a roll recently as well! Season 11 was their best since season 5 in my mind. Damn that TV cast has to be so fucking rich by now. They'll cock it up soon enough. The invasion story was pretty good. I haven't watched arrow this season so I was a little out of the loop with the two new guys, but they were minor enough that it didn't matter. I stopped following Supernatural around the time Crowley became in charge of Hell. Am I missing out on anything? It definitely picks up in my opinion. Granted, I've always been a fan of the series, so I'm a little bit biased. I will say, if you watched Supernatural for Crowley, don't watch a single other episode. He goes from puppet master to butt monkey very quickly. Damn that TV cast has to be so fucking rich by now. It definitely picks up in my opinion. Granted, I've always been a fan of the series, so I'm a little bit biased. I will say, if you watched Supernatural for Crowley, don't watch a single other episode. He goes from puppet master to butt monkey very quickly. Undoubtedly. I know this feeling exactly; if your own work can move you at all, you're doing something right for your story. And hopefully there'll be people out there who'll like it as much as well; even shitty fanfics I wrote 13-14 years ago that could get me excited/emotive whilst proof-reading got some positive feedback, so I must've been doing something right! Yeah... though the friends bit is kinda hard on you. They can proof-read and point out mistakes, but they aren't necessarily going to overly like your work, and catering to them can make it undermine your own vision, which just... sucks. In 5th grade me and my cousin wrote out this idea of a game were you just live life, like as an adult. Get a job, design your house, have a family if you want. We thought it'd be amazing and you could do some really interesting things with it. a number of years later, the sims released. Well... You and your cousin were right, I guess. Ya, I remember calling him when I read about it and he was like "I wish we'd have made that!" And I was all, Ya cuz a couple of junior high/middle school students coulda done this! Plot twist, cousin published Sims, claimed all of the credit while excluding you. He fuckin would, what a douche. Plot Twist: They are the creators of Roy and Roy 2: Dave in the future. Jones in the Fast Lane and Little Computer People were precursors to these kind of games, if you're interested in some gaming history. The first one is definitely still playable and a lot of fun if you never tried it. "See a need, fill a need" - Rodney Copperbottom Well... You and your cousin were right, I guess. Ya, I remember calling him when I read about it and he was like "I wish we'd have made that!" And I was all, Ya cuz a couple of junior high/middle school students coulda done this! Plot twist, cousin published Sims, claimed all of the credit while excluding you. He fuckin would, what a douche. Plot Twist: They are the creators of Roy and Roy 2: Dave in the future. Jones in the Fast Lane and Little Computer People were precursors to these kind of games, if you're interested in some gaming history. The first one is definitely still playable and a lot of fun if you never tried it. Ya, I remember calling him when I read about it and he was like "I wish we'd have made that!" And I was all, Ya cuz a couple of junior high/middle school students coulda done this! He fuckin would, what a douche. SELL YOUR STOCKS EVERYONE, HE'S DONE. Kojima has worked with others before. Hell before Silent Hills was cancelled he was working with other great minds like Junji Ito and del Toro. He makes great games. They may be a bit wacky at times but that's because it's a video game, he doesn't see the need for it to he serious all the time. In the designing world you get to pick 2/3 Low budget. Quick turn around. Quality product. The boss upstairs will always pick the first two with designer almost always fighting for the last one. Been doing this for 10+ years now. It's a shitty game. Indeed another part of it is creative people can spend their entire lives working on what makes them a success then they need to do that a again but bigger in maybe 1-2 years or they're a "failure". Literally in the middle of that right now... Bosses: "Hey we know you designed everything perfect for this last catalog and everything flows very well and the information is really easy to absorbs but we're gonna need you to change it up while still making it just as intuitive." Thedaveness: fuck you. You'd have thought that Kojima would have garnered some leeway over the years... This is why sequels tend to suck. The boss of course picks all three but only focuses on the first two and blames the developer when the third wasn't done. I mean MGS 5 went massively over budget and took years to make and it still wasn't all the way done. Kojima takes a long time to make games Kojima claims he missed the target ship date for mgs5 by only a few months and came in under budget. Konami didn't say anything about it. In any case a bit part of it was just how comparably expensive traditional game developement is versus mobile. Mobile is also where the big money is in japan. MGSV had multiple planned chapters that weren't developed at all because Kojima was out of time/money. Makes sense when you play the game. The opening prologue with the amazing cinematic events disappeared halfway through the game. The over budget shit is speculation based on one composer who was told to write 12 songs for MGSV and they only used 4. It's because Kojima went way over budget for MGS 5 in both time and money plus the "perfectly-paced cutscene" line is a bit of a joke I imagine because some of them go a bit too long at times. The ending of MGS4 holds the record for longest cutscene sequence in a video game at 71 minutes long. In engine, at that! It wasn't just ending the game, it was ending the whole Solid Snake storyline. There were a lot of loose threads to tie up. But yeah, it was damn long. I fell asleep when the credits started to roll. The next day my cousin starts speaking about how Big Boss appeared after that to set things straight, etc.. I didn't believe him lol. Had to re-finish the game next night. As a MGS4 defender, I was always impressed that they bothered to wrap up so many hanging threads in the ending. I thought there was no way they were going to resolve everything that was going on in that game story-wise. It took over 70 minutes, but I'm glad they were able to do it! To be fair, it was a great ending. Oooohhh,now I get it.thanx for enlightening me.I didn't follow the development of mgs 5 quite closely mgs 4 was released in mid 2008, and mgs 5: phantom pain was released late 2015. I imagine konami execs got fed up waiting for more than 7 years just for a single game and just kicked out kojima and go full pachinko now. His storylines aren't the most approachable or easily grasped, his cutscenes have been long and absurd, etc. I played the first MGS because of its reputation, but good lord, I had no idea what was happening a good portion of the time. Indeed another part of it is creative people can spend their entire lives working on what makes them a success then they need to do that a again but bigger in maybe 1-2 years or they're a "failure". Literally in the middle of that right now... Bosses: "Hey we know you designed everything perfect for this last catalog and everything flows very well and the information is really easy to absorbs but we're gonna need you to change it up while still making it just as intuitive." Thedaveness: fuck you. You'd have thought that Kojima would have garnered some leeway over the years... This is why sequels tend to suck. The boss of course picks all three but only focuses on the first two and blames the developer when the third wasn't done. Literally in the middle of that right now... Bosses: "Hey we know you designed everything perfect for this last catalog and everything flows very well and the information is really easy to absorbs but we're gonna need you to change it up while still making it just as intuitive." Thedaveness: fuck you. You'd have thought that Kojima would have garnered some leeway over the years... This is why sequels tend to suck. Kojima claims he missed the target ship date for mgs5 by only a few months and came in under budget. Konami didn't say anything about it. In any case a bit part of it was just how comparably expensive traditional game developement is versus mobile. Mobile is also where the big money is in japan. MGSV had multiple planned chapters that weren't developed at all because Kojima was out of time/money. Makes sense when you play the game. The opening prologue with the amazing cinematic events disappeared halfway through the game. The over budget shit is speculation based on one composer who was told to write 12 songs for MGSV and they only used 4. MGSV had multiple planned chapters that weren't developed at all because Kojima was out of time/money. Makes sense when you play the game. The opening prologue with the amazing cinematic events disappeared halfway through the game. Makes sense when you play the game. The opening prologue with the amazing cinematic events disappeared halfway through the game. The ending of MGS4 holds the record for longest cutscene sequence in a video game at 71 minutes long. In engine, at that! It wasn't just ending the game, it was ending the whole Solid Snake storyline. There were a lot of loose threads to tie up. But yeah, it was damn long. I fell asleep when the credits started to roll. The next day my cousin starts speaking about how Big Boss appeared after that to set things straight, etc.. I didn't believe him lol. Had to re-finish the game next night. As a MGS4 defender, I was always impressed that they bothered to wrap up so many hanging threads in the ending. I thought there was no way they were going to resolve everything that was going on in that game story-wise. It took over 70 minutes, but I'm glad they were able to do it! To be fair, it was a great ending. Oooohhh,now I get it.thanx for enlightening me.I didn't follow the development of mgs 5 quite closely mgs 4 was released in mid 2008, and mgs 5: phantom pain was released late 2015. I imagine konami execs got fed up waiting for more than 7 years just for a single game and just kicked out kojima and go full pachinko now. In engine, at that! It wasn't just ending the game, it was ending the whole Solid Snake storyline. There were a lot of loose threads to tie up. But yeah, it was damn long. I fell asleep when the credits started to roll. The next day my cousin starts speaking about how Big Boss appeared after that to set things straight, etc.. I didn't believe him lol. Had to re-finish the game next night. As a MGS4 defender, I was always impressed that they bothered to wrap up so many hanging threads in the ending. I thought there was no way they were going to resolve everything that was going on in that game story-wise. It took over 70 minutes, but I'm glad they were able to do it! To be fair, it was a great ending. I fell asleep when the credits started to roll. The next day my cousin starts speaking about how Big Boss appeared after that to set things straight, etc.. I didn't believe him lol. Had to re-finish the game next night. As a MGS4 defender, I was always impressed that they bothered to wrap up so many hanging threads in the ending. I thought there was no way they were going to resolve everything that was going on in that game story-wise. It took over 70 minutes, but I'm glad they were able to do it! mgs 4 was released in mid 2008, and mgs 5: phantom pain was released late 2015. I imagine konami execs got fed up waiting for more than 7 years just for a single game and just kicked out kojima and go full pachinko now. I'm not sure about Western cultures, but generally in Asian cultures, it's considered polite and magnanimous not to burn bridges even when leaving employers. Not defending what Konami did though, fuck em. It's generally polite everywhere, including Western cultures. It's called being professional. Or, phrased without icky business terms, being mature. It's a skill a lot of people lack. Yeah I would never dream of publicly burning a bridge at a past employer regardless of how shitty they treated me. Don't think this is exclusive to Japanese game devs Maybe that's a problem though. Employers have employees over a barrel, maybe if enough talent started talking about abusive or egregious employment situations and people started refusing to work for those companies, those practices would be less common. Sure, a lot of employers are shitty. But, honestly, a lot of employees are also shitty. For every 10 people you hear badmouth their former employer, I'd guess that five of them were just shitty employees and were treated fairly. Only 5? I think you are being generous Normal parts of human nature isn't going to disappear because people talk about it. My friend left his job without giving his 2-weeks because he "didn't want to make his new job wait, and think he didn't want to go." I tried to tell him how stupid that is, and any big company will not only understand that you need to put in a 2-week notice, but also respect it. What's to say you won't do the same to them if a different job rolls around? Exactly. We can debate whether its philosophically correct or not, but there's a saying that "perception is reality." It's not just about caring what your ex-employer thinks of you, but how your potential future employers might perceive it when they don't know the full story. Sometimes you gotta put your ego aside and look out for what's best for you in the long-term It isn't being professional. It is something corporate overlords have come to ingrain into people, much like talking about salary is supposed to be a big no-no also ingrained into people by corporations. Corporations have more to gain from not having people tell all than the reverse. Odds are if you left a place you were unhappy about working at you won't be going back and maybe can prevent others from being miserable. I think it is more unprofessional to allow people to blindly go into a place expecting it to be a good place to work and then finding out what you already knew. Here's an upvote for using common sense. Thanks. I had my 15 minutes of fame several years ago because I explicitly did this in my dev community and it got passed around on twitter resulting in making it into the newspaper. You'd think that I did something crazy by the fact I told it like it was and openly did so. Hey, I can't choose to age into an adult but, I can choose to be mature or not, because I'm an adult... Stinky head! There's a cultural difference at play as well. In the west if you're as much of a creative badass/legend as Kojima your ego and your art tends to supercede the importance of any company that you might do business with, whether they intend to help or impede you. Japanese worker culture is such that other development companies would seriously think twice about hiring Kojima if he even spoke publically about the series of events surrounding the whole Kojimagate affair. Sony seems to be above some of that but Kojima would still lose a lot of face if he complained whereas people in the West would just be cheering for him regardless of if he looked like he was whining about a massively ingrained social hierarchy. And many times what is 'professional' is just corporations' expression of their power over the working class. As someone in the industry, you definitely don't want to burn bridges because chances are you'll end up working with people again from that prior company. It really is a small industry and once you've worked at a large studio, you realize that for every other studio out there, you're working with someone that either used to work there or they know someone that went there. It's called saving face. I'm not sure how many British developers there are, but I'd imagine them tutting quietly under their breath as they angrily sip their tea. It's generally polite everywhere, including Western cultures. It's called being professional. Or, phrased without icky business terms, being mature. It's a skill a lot of people lack. Yeah I would never dream of publicly burning a bridge at a past employer regardless of how shitty they treated me. Don't think this is exclusive to Japanese game devs Maybe that's a problem though. Employers have employees over a barrel, maybe if enough talent started talking about abusive or egregious employment situations and people started refusing to work for those companies, those practices would be less common. Sure, a lot of employers are shitty. But, honestly, a lot of employees are also shitty. For every 10 people you hear badmouth their former employer, I'd guess that five of them were just shitty employees and were treated fairly. Only 5? I think you are being generous Normal parts of human nature isn't going to disappear because people talk about it. My friend left his job without giving his 2-weeks because he "didn't want to make his new job wait, and think he didn't want to go." I tried to tell him how stupid that is, and any big company will not only understand that you need to put in a 2-week notice, but also respect it. What's to say you won't do the same to them if a different job rolls around? Exactly. We can debate whether its philosophically correct or not, but there's a saying that "perception is reality." It's not just about caring what your ex-employer thinks of you, but how your potential future employers might perceive it when they don't know the full story. Sometimes you gotta put your ego aside and look out for what's best for you in the long-term It isn't being professional. It is something corporate overlords have come to ingrain into people, much like talking about salary is supposed to be a big no-no also ingrained into people by corporations. Corporations have more to gain from not having people tell all than the reverse. Odds are if you left a place you were unhappy about working at you won't be going back and maybe can prevent others from being miserable. I think it is more unprofessional to allow people to blindly go into a place expecting it to be a good place to work and then finding out what you already knew. Here's an upvote for using common sense. Thanks. I had my 15 minutes of fame several years ago because I explicitly did this in my dev community and it got passed around on twitter resulting in making it into the newspaper. You'd think that I did something crazy by the fact I told it like it was and openly did so. Hey, I can't choose to age into an adult but, I can choose to be mature or not, because I'm an adult... Stinky head! There's a cultural difference at play as well. In the west if you're as much of a creative badass/legend as Kojima your ego and your art tends to supercede the importance of any company that you might do business with, whether they intend to help or impede you. Japanese worker culture is such that other development companies would seriously think twice about hiring Kojima if he even spoke publically about the series of events surrounding the whole Kojimagate affair. Sony seems to be above some of that but Kojima would still lose a lot of face if he complained whereas people in the West would just be cheering for him regardless of if he looked like he was whining about a massively ingrained social hierarchy. And many times what is 'professional' is just corporations' expression of their power over the working class. As someone in the industry, you definitely don't want to burn bridges because chances are you'll end up working with people again from that prior company. It really is a small industry and once you've worked at a large studio, you realize that for every other studio out there, you're working with someone that either used to work there or they know someone that went there. It's called saving face. Yeah I would never dream of publicly burning a bridge at a past employer regardless of how shitty they treated me. Don't think this is exclusive to Japanese game devs Maybe that's a problem though. Employers have employees over a barrel, maybe if enough talent started talking about abusive or egregious employment situations and people started refusing to work for those companies, those practices would be less common. Sure, a lot of employers are shitty. But, honestly, a lot of employees are also shitty. For every 10 people you hear badmouth their former employer, I'd guess that five of them were just shitty employees and were treated fairly. Only 5? I think you are being generous Normal parts of human nature isn't going to disappear because people talk about it. My friend left his job without giving his 2-weeks because he "didn't want to make his new job wait, and think he didn't want to go." I tried to tell him how stupid that is, and any big company will not only understand that you need to put in a 2-week notice, but also respect it. What's to say you won't do the same to them if a different job rolls around? Exactly. We can debate whether its philosophically correct or not, but there's a saying that "perception is reality." It's not just about caring what your ex-employer thinks of you, but how your potential future employers might perceive it when they don't know the full story. Sometimes you gotta put your ego aside and look out for what's best for you in the long-term It isn't being professional. It is something corporate overlords have come to ingrain into people, much like talking about salary is supposed to be a big no-no also ingrained into people by corporations. Corporations have more to gain from not having people tell all than the reverse. Odds are if you left a place you were unhappy about working at you won't be going back and maybe can prevent others from being miserable. I think it is more unprofessional to allow people to blindly go into a place expecting it to be a good place to work and then finding out what you already knew. Here's an upvote for using common sense. Thanks. I had my 15 minutes of fame several years ago because I explicitly did this in my dev community and it got passed around on twitter resulting in making it into the newspaper. You'd think that I did something crazy by the fact I told it like it was and openly did so. Hey, I can't choose to age into an adult but, I can choose to be mature or not, because I'm an adult... Stinky head! There's a cultural difference at play as well. In the west if you're as much of a creative badass/legend as Kojima your ego and your art tends to supercede the importance of any company that you might do business with, whether they intend to help or impede you. Japanese worker culture is such that other development companies would seriously think twice about hiring Kojima if he even spoke publically about the series of events surrounding the whole Kojimagate affair. Sony seems to be above some of that but Kojima would still lose a lot of face if he complained whereas people in the West would just be cheering for him regardless of if he looked like he was whining about a massively ingrained social hierarchy. And many times what is 'professional' is just corporations' expression of their power over the working class. Maybe that's a problem though. Employers have employees over a barrel, maybe if enough talent started talking about abusive or egregious employment situations and people started refusing to work for those companies, those practices would be less common. Sure, a lot of employers are shitty. But, honestly, a lot of employees are also shitty. For every 10 people you hear badmouth their former employer, I'd guess that five of them were just shitty employees and were treated fairly. Only 5? I think you are being generous Normal parts of human nature isn't going to disappear because people talk about it. My friend left his job without giving his 2-weeks because he "didn't want to make his new job wait, and think he didn't want to go." I tried to tell him how stupid that is, and any big company will not only understand that you need to put in a 2-week notice, but also respect it. What's to say you won't do the same to them if a different job rolls around? Exactly. We can debate whether its philosophically correct or not, but there's a saying that "perception is reality." It's not just about caring what your ex-employer thinks of you, but how your potential future employers might perceive it when they don't know the full story. Sometimes you gotta put your ego aside and look out for what's best for you in the long-term Sure, a lot of employers are shitty. But, honestly, a lot of employees are also shitty. For every 10 people you hear badmouth their former employer, I'd guess that five of them were just shitty employees and were treated fairly. Only 5? I think you are being generous Normal parts of human nature isn't going to disappear because people talk about it. Only 5? I think you are being generous Exactly. We can debate whether its philosophically correct or not, but there's a saying that "perception is reality." It's not just about caring what your ex-employer thinks of you, but how your potential future employers might perceive it when they don't know the full story. Sometimes you gotta put your ego aside and look out for what's best for you in the long-term Here's an upvote for using common sense. Thanks. I had my 15 minutes of fame several years ago because I explicitly did this in my dev community and it got passed around on twitter resulting in making it into the newspaper. You'd think that I did something crazy by the fact I told it like it was and openly did so. Thanks. I had my 15 minutes of fame several years ago because I explicitly did this in my dev community and it got passed around on twitter resulting in making it into the newspaper. You'd think that I did something crazy by the fact I told it like it was and openly did so. What's going on? Konami is releasing an updated version of Snake Eater on an arcade machine? They're cutscenes that play on the screen while playing pachinko. rofl cheers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ht4dbyPIcM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2iJLy-1IGg They're releasing a Snake Eater version made with the Fox Engine maxed out for pachinko machines. Pachinko machines are basically very popular in Japan and they're like a slot machine with pinball elements. This is a really interesting video about pachinko machines You think that's bad? See this one. Wait... What was that?! Please tell me this is real please tell me this is real oh my god I didn't realize how badly I wanted this until I saw this video edit: it's fake. Time to kill myself They're cutscenes that play on the screen while playing pachinko. rofl cheers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ht4dbyPIcM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2iJLy-1IGg They're releasing a Snake Eater version made with the Fox Engine maxed out for pachinko machines. Pachinko machines are basically very popular in Japan and they're like a slot machine with pinball elements. This is a really interesting video about pachinko machines rofl cheers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ht4dbyPIcM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2iJLy-1IGg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ht4dbyPIcM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2iJLy-1IGg Wait... What was that?! Please tell me this is real please tell me this is real oh my god I didn't realize how badly I wanted this until I saw this video edit: it's fake. Time to kill myself Oh totally. Konami's made bad artistic decisions but fantastic business ones. When Kojima left Konami, this was an announcement from Sony together with him, that he will still make games, for Sony. (I think it was at E3? Can't check) Hideo Kojima parted ways with Konami about a year ago and then an announcement was made, stating that Kojima Productions would be partnering with Sony. Of course, someone made a gif from it, entitled, "What Kojima and Andrew House Were REALLY Saying in Their Announcement." You're right. "When we did the shooting for today's teaser back in summer" Isn't Kojima in his fifties? The man looks like he's in his late 20's or 30's. Maybe he takes the same vampire serum Will Smith does. 53 now. He's Asian. We do not age between 30-60. Obligatory. Never gets old. It will when it's 60 years old. (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) (☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞ Not looking forward to Kojima's menopause. Menopause by Hideo Kojima TIL Arthur's grandmother was a 70yo asian lady. 18-50 Asian women would bang Hirohiko Araki, the author of Jojo's Bizarre Adventure is 56 and he looks like this He also dresses better than a lot of his younger contemporaries apparently Must be his Stand keeping him youthful. 「 FOREVER YOUNG」 OH MY GOD! HOHREH SHEEEEEEEEEEET SANA DA BEECH No, he's just a master of Hamon. HIGHWAY GO GO HIGHWAY STAR Araki is a vampire though He's actually a fairy tho But he's a Rock Human tho??? Jojo's Bizarre Adventure is actually a subtle chronicle of Araki's 2000 years of existence. How do you think he knows so much about Dio's past? There's a samurai-looking guy levitating on the left Then when you go over 60 age hits you like a semi truck. What happens at 60 and a day? If female, see post by /u/Nanosauromo If Male, we go live in the mountains and teach martial arts. And if you see pretty girls your nose starts bleeding http://i.imgur.com/19U3i.gif Instant "elder sage" appearance. You shrink three feet, hunch over badly, speak slowly, your hair grows white, and your skin becomes more wrinkled than a naked molerat's ballsack. On the upside you're still super smart but now you look wise. When I spent a summer in Okinawa, my host family had a 'grandfather'. Every family has one, it's more of a generic term for old man in Japanese, I didn't think anything of it. Well, one night at a bbq I meet him. Holy shit. I've never met another human being as old (and who looked old) as him. He was 101. He couldn't have been more than 4' tall. He looked like a leather muppet. He spoke with a crazy weird accent too (I think he may have grown up speaking more Ryukan than Japanese). He was bright, alert, and all there. He even made some vaguely racist jokes about me. You don't know old until you've seen Japanese old. Older than that is Okinawa old, as they are apparently one of the longest living populations on the planet. This happens. Most Asians and black folks age very well. and keanu reeves TIL Keanu = 1/2 Asian 1/2 black Keanu actually is part Chinese Tiger Woods has a black dad and an Asian Mom but he's aged terribly. I guess the immortality genes cancelled each other out. I think Tiger looks his age, to be honest, not any worse. And part Portuguese! A pessimist would say hes half MC Jared Leto is another one that never ages. 23 is in first pic, 39 in the next. He's going to be 45 soon and he looks like this! Screw these actors and their vampire abilities. Holy shit! Pretty soon he's going to have to disappear in a mysterious boating accident and reappear in another few decades as an unknown Norwegian icefisher. That's because he's a vampire And Elijah Wood. I think while this is partly true, some of it is because the signs of aging our society looks for are determined by a euro-centric (white) point of view. I'd be curious if this is still true to someone who grew up in Asia or Africa, where whites are not the majority. Just a hypothesis, I by no means have data to support this. Am Asian, we think white people age too early. I concur. It's all those Thetans that keep you young. Something something volcano something alien souls something L. Ron Hubbard bar bet. [deleted] Well now you're just pulling random dates out the air! that's just crazy talk, man. 53 now. He's Asian. We do not age between 30-60. Obligatory. Never gets old. It will when it's 60 years old. (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) (☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞ Not looking forward to Kojima's menopause. Menopause by Hideo Kojima TIL Arthur's grandmother was a 70yo asian lady. 18-50 Asian women would bang Hirohiko Araki, the author of Jojo's Bizarre Adventure is 56 and he looks like this He also dresses better than a lot of his younger contemporaries apparently Must be his Stand keeping him youthful. 「 FOREVER YOUNG」 OH MY GOD! HOHREH SHEEEEEEEEEEET SANA DA BEECH No, he's just a master of Hamon. HIGHWAY GO GO HIGHWAY STAR Araki is a vampire though He's actually a fairy tho But he's a Rock Human tho??? Jojo's Bizarre Adventure is actually a subtle chronicle of Araki's 2000 years of existence. How do you think he knows so much about Dio's past? There's a samurai-looking guy levitating on the left Then when you go over 60 age hits you like a semi truck. What happens at 60 and a day? If female, see post by /u/Nanosauromo If Male, we go live in the mountains and teach martial arts. And if you see pretty girls your nose starts bleeding http://i.imgur.com/19U3i.gif Instant "elder sage" appearance. You shrink three feet, hunch over badly, speak slowly, your hair grows white, and your skin becomes more wrinkled than a naked molerat's ballsack. On the upside you're still super smart but now you look wise. When I spent a summer in Okinawa, my host family had a 'grandfather'. Every family has one, it's more of a generic term for old man in Japanese, I didn't think anything of it. Well, one night at a bbq I meet him. Holy shit. I've never met another human being as old (and who looked old) as him. He was 101. He couldn't have been more than 4' tall. He looked like a leather muppet. He spoke with a crazy weird accent too (I think he may have grown up speaking more Ryukan than Japanese). He was bright, alert, and all there. He even made some vaguely racist jokes about me. You don't know old until you've seen Japanese old. Older than that is Okinawa old, as they are apparently one of the longest living populations on the planet. This happens. Most Asians and black folks age very well. and keanu reeves TIL Keanu = 1/2 Asian 1/2 black Keanu actually is part Chinese Tiger Woods has a black dad and an Asian Mom but he's aged terribly. I guess the immortality genes cancelled each other out. I think Tiger looks his age, to be honest, not any worse. And part Portuguese! A pessimist would say hes half MC Jared Leto is another one that never ages. 23 is in first pic, 39 in the next. He's going to be 45 soon and he looks like this! Screw these actors and their vampire abilities. Holy shit! Pretty soon he's going to have to disappear in a mysterious boating accident and reappear in another few decades as an unknown Norwegian icefisher. That's because he's a vampire And Elijah Wood. I think while this is partly true, some of it is because the signs of aging our society looks for are determined by a euro-centric (white) point of view. I'd be curious if this is still true to someone who grew up in Asia or Africa, where whites are not the majority. Just a hypothesis, I by no means have data to support this. Am Asian, we think white people age too early. I concur. It's all those Thetans that keep you young. Something something volcano something alien souls something L. Ron Hubbard bar bet. Obligatory. Never gets old. It will when it's 60 years old. (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) (☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞ Not looking forward to Kojima's menopause. Menopause by Hideo Kojima TIL Arthur's grandmother was a 70yo asian lady. 18-50 Asian women would bang Hirohiko Araki, the author of Jojo's Bizarre Adventure is 56 and he looks like this He also dresses better than a lot of his younger contemporaries apparently Must be his Stand keeping him youthful. 「 FOREVER YOUNG」 OH MY GOD! HOHREH SHEEEEEEEEEEET SANA DA BEECH No, he's just a master of Hamon. HIGHWAY GO GO HIGHWAY STAR Araki is a vampire though He's actually a fairy tho But he's a Rock Human tho??? Jojo's Bizarre Adventure is actually a subtle chronicle of Araki's 2000 years of existence. How do you think he knows so much about Dio's past? There's a samurai-looking guy levitating on the left Then when you go over 60 age hits you like a semi truck. What happens at 60 and a day? If female, see post by /u/Nanosauromo If Male, we go live in the mountains and teach martial arts. And if you see pretty girls your nose starts bleeding http://i.imgur.com/19U3i.gif Instant "elder sage" appearance. You shrink three feet, hunch over badly, speak slowly, your hair grows white, and your skin becomes more wrinkled than a naked molerat's ballsack. On the upside you're still super smart but now you look wise. When I spent a summer in Okinawa, my host family had a 'grandfather'. Every family has one, it's more of a generic term for old man in Japanese, I didn't think anything of it. Well, one night at a bbq I meet him. Holy shit. I've never met another human being as old (and who looked old) as him. He was 101. He couldn't have been more than 4' tall. He looked like a leather muppet. He spoke with a crazy weird accent too (I think he may have grown up speaking more Ryukan than Japanese). He was bright, alert, and all there. He even made some vaguely racist jokes about me. You don't know old until you've seen Japanese old. Older than that is Okinawa old, as they are apparently one of the longest living populations on the planet. This happens. Never gets old. It will when it's 60 years old. (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) (☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞ Not looking forward to Kojima's menopause. Menopause by Hideo Kojima TIL Arthur's grandmother was a 70yo asian lady. 18-50 Asian women would bang It will when it's 60 years old. (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) (☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞ (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) (☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞ Menopause by Hideo Kojima Must be his Stand keeping him youthful. 「 FOREVER YOUNG」 OH MY GOD! HOHREH SHEEEEEEEEEEET SANA DA BEECH No, he's just a master of Hamon. HIGHWAY GO GO HIGHWAY STAR Araki is a vampire though He's actually a fairy tho But he's a Rock Human tho??? Jojo's Bizarre Adventure is actually a subtle chronicle of Araki's 2000 years of existence. How do you think he knows so much about Dio's past? There's a samurai-looking guy levitating on the left 「 FOREVER YOUNG」 OH MY GOD! HOHREH SHEEEEEEEEEEET SANA DA BEECH No, he's just a master of Hamon. HIGHWAY GO GO HIGHWAY STAR OH MY GOD! HOHREH SHEEEEEEEEEEET SANA DA BEECH HOHREH SHEEEEEEEEEEET SANA DA BEECH SANA DA BEECH HIGHWAY STAR He's actually a fairy tho But he's a Rock Human tho??? Jojo's Bizarre Adventure is actually a subtle chronicle of Araki's 2000 years of existence. How do you think he knows so much about Dio's past? But he's a Rock Human tho??? Jojo's Bizarre Adventure is actually a subtle chronicle of Araki's 2000 years of existence. How do you think he knows so much about Dio's past? Jojo's Bizarre Adventure is actually a subtle chronicle of Araki's 2000 years of existence. If female, see post by /u/Nanosauromo If Male, we go live in the mountains and teach martial arts. And if you see pretty girls your nose starts bleeding http://i.imgur.com/19U3i.gif Instant "elder sage" appearance. You shrink three feet, hunch over badly, speak slowly, your hair grows white, and your skin becomes more wrinkled than a naked molerat's ballsack. On the upside you're still super smart but now you look wise. When I spent a summer in Okinawa, my host family had a 'grandfather'. Every family has one, it's more of a generic term for old man in Japanese, I didn't think anything of it. Well, one night at a bbq I meet him. Holy shit. I've never met another human being as old (and who looked old) as him. He was 101. He couldn't have been more than 4' tall. He looked like a leather muppet. He spoke with a crazy weird accent too (I think he may have grown up speaking more Ryukan than Japanese). He was bright, alert, and all there. He even made some vaguely racist jokes about me. You don't know old until you've seen Japanese old. Older than that is Okinawa old, as they are apparently one of the longest living populations on the planet. This happens. And if you see pretty girls your nose starts bleeding http://i.imgur.com/19U3i.gif http://i.imgur.com/19U3i.gif When I spent a summer in Okinawa, my host family had a 'grandfather'. Every family has one, it's more of a generic term for old man in Japanese, I didn't think anything of it. Well, one night at a bbq I meet him. Holy shit. I've never met another human being as old (and who looked old) as him. He was 101. He couldn't have been more than 4' tall. He looked like a leather muppet. He spoke with a crazy weird accent too (I think he may have grown up speaking more Ryukan than Japanese). He was bright, alert, and all there. He even made some vaguely racist jokes about me. You don't know old until you've seen Japanese old. Older than that is Okinawa old, as they are apparently one of the longest living populations on the planet. and keanu reeves TIL Keanu = 1/2 Asian 1/2 black Keanu actually is part Chinese Tiger Woods has a black dad and an Asian Mom but he's aged terribly. I guess the immortality genes cancelled each other out. I think Tiger looks his age, to be honest, not any worse. And part Portuguese! A pessimist would say hes half MC Jared Leto is another one that never ages. 23 is in first pic, 39 in the next. He's going to be 45 soon and he looks like this! Screw these actors and their vampire abilities. Holy shit! Pretty soon he's going to have to disappear in a mysterious boating accident and reappear in another few decades as an unknown Norwegian icefisher. That's because he's a vampire And Elijah Wood. I think while this is partly true, some of it is because the signs of aging our society looks for are determined by a euro-centric (white) point of view. I'd be curious if this is still true to someone who grew up in Asia or Africa, where whites are not the majority. Just a hypothesis, I by no means have data to support this. Am Asian, we think white people age too early. I concur. TIL Keanu = 1/2 Asian 1/2 black Keanu actually is part Chinese Tiger Woods has a black dad and an Asian Mom but he's aged terribly. I guess the immortality genes cancelled each other out. I think Tiger looks his age, to be honest, not any worse. And part Portuguese! A pessimist would say hes half MC Jared Leto is another one that never ages. 23 is in first pic, 39 in the next. He's going to be 45 soon and he looks like this! Screw these actors and their vampire abilities. Holy shit! Pretty soon he's going to have to disappear in a mysterious boating accident and reappear in another few decades as an unknown Norwegian icefisher. That's because he's a vampire And Elijah Wood. Keanu actually is part Chinese Tiger Woods has a black dad and an Asian Mom but he's aged terribly. I guess the immortality genes cancelled each other out. I think Tiger looks his age, to be honest, not any worse. And part Portuguese! A pessimist would say hes half MC I think Tiger looks his age, to be honest, not any worse. And part Portuguese! Holy shit! Pretty soon he's going to have to disappear in a mysterious boating accident and reappear in another few decades as an unknown Norwegian icefisher. Am Asian, we think white people age too early. I concur. Well now you're just pulling random dates out the air! that's just crazy talk, man. Mads has a serious case of Sexy Resting Murder Face FTFY. I love it. SRMF That's a discourteous description, vulgar; your projection only reflects an unspeakable ugliness. Please, join me tonight for dinner, I'll edify you with etiquette in order to avoid that ugliness in the future. http://i.imgur.com/sWXaRoH.gif Hot damn. I'll bring the wine! Eat the rude. Sure I could stand to be edified. Yurd, ma dood? I feel like he'd make a PERFECT witcher character. He could eat me any day( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I love it. SRMF http://i.imgur.com/sWXaRoH.gif Hot damn. I'll bring the wine! Eat the rude. Sure I could stand to be edified. Yurd, ma dood? Hot damn. I'll bring the wine! That's just the roles we know him for. He has a few roles as a protagonist and he does them nearly as well. Yea Mads can play both. The Hunt is a good example. Damn that movie is good. Fucking hard to watch though. Very thought provoking and emotional. Yer i cried hard at that film. But after having various conversations about the films issue I still can't say how I would react to someone in that position Exactly the movie makes you angry and sad at how easy it is to affect someone's image and how hard it is to prove them wrong. The Hunt is a fantastic film. Oh man,The Hunt is probably my favourite acting from him aside from Hannibal. That one is in my queue to watch. Idk, have you seen him in Dr Strange though? I may be one of the minority in this but I watched the god awful movie Wrath of the Titans (or whatever it was called). It had Mikkelsen as the tough supporting guy which was suspicious of the hero at the beginning but grows fond of him and even sacrifices himself in the end. He was the good guy in it and he was freaking perfect. Even when he is the "hero" he is creepy af. Like in Vallhala Rising. You mean almost exclusively Vallhala Rising. In a lot of his Danish language films he's either goofy or quite sweet. Eh, I haven't seen him before today but I agree he does look sinister. Well, back home in Denmark, everyone loves the guy. He's hilarious, and played in 2 of my favorite comedies ever (The Green Butchers and Flickering Lights) Maybe it's just because he mostly plays villains when he's in English speaking roles. The Green Butchers Actually thinking about it, The Green Butchers could be taken as a foreshadowing of his work on Hannibal. Those two movies are always what I recommend to people who want to watch some danish comedy. Don't forget Adam's Apple. Of corse not, my bad. I think you misspelled sexy. Don't quote me on this but I'm pretty sure he was a professional dancer, which is why a lot of his scenes in Hannibal look so gorgeously choreographed I saw a youtube vid of him doing the can-can. He can kick those legs really high. He has Resting Putin Face Danish guy here. I met him a couple of years ago in Copenhagen. Super nice guy, very pleasant to talk to. Yea Mads can play both. The Hunt is a good example. Damn that movie is good. Fucking hard to watch though. Very thought provoking and emotional. Yer i cried hard at that film. But after having various conversations about the films issue I still can't say how I would react to someone in that position Exactly the movie makes you angry and sad at how easy it is to affect someone's image and how hard it is to prove them wrong. The Hunt is a fantastic film. Oh man,The Hunt is probably my favourite acting from him aside from Hannibal. That one is in my queue to watch. Idk, have you seen him in Dr Strange though? I may be one of the minority in this but I watched the god awful movie Wrath of the Titans (or whatever it was called). It had Mikkelsen as the tough supporting guy which was suspicious of the hero at the beginning but grows fond of him and even sacrifices himself in the end. He was the good guy in it and he was freaking perfect. Even when he is the "hero" he is creepy af. Like in Vallhala Rising. You mean almost exclusively Vallhala Rising. In a lot of his Danish language films he's either goofy or quite sweet. Eh, I haven't seen him before today but I agree he does look sinister. Damn that movie is good. Fucking hard to watch though. Very thought provoking and emotional. Yer i cried hard at that film. But after having various conversations about the films issue I still can't say how I would react to someone in that position Exactly the movie makes you angry and sad at how easy it is to affect someone's image and how hard it is to prove them wrong. The Hunt is a fantastic film. Yer i cried hard at that film. But after having various conversations about the films issue I still can't say how I would react to someone in that position Exactly the movie makes you angry and sad at how easy it is to affect someone's image and how hard it is to prove them wrong. Exactly the movie makes you angry and sad at how easy it is to affect someone's image and how hard it is to prove them wrong. That one is in my queue to watch. You mean almost exclusively Vallhala Rising. In a lot of his Danish language films he's either goofy or quite sweet. The Green Butchers Actually thinking about it, The Green Butchers could be taken as a foreshadowing of his work on Hannibal. Those two movies are always what I recommend to people who want to watch some danish comedy. Don't forget Adam's Apple. Of corse not, my bad. Don't forget Adam's Apple. Of corse not, my bad. Of corse not, my bad. I saw a youtube vid of him doing the can-can. He can kick those legs really high. I think even more so though than when he's scowling. Got a great sinister face on him. Very sinister : https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BNDEwMTQxODQzN15BMl5BanBnXkFtZTgwMzM1MTE1ODE@._V1_SY1000_SX1500_AL_.jpg Wtf... Coming from Hannibal, this looks ...different.. You should see some of the Danish comedy movies he's done. I've forced many of my brit friends to watch the Green Butchers. Hilarious and dark. To say that Danish comedies are "dark" is an understatement. They're dark to such an absurd degree that it ends up becoming part of the comedy. Happen to have any recommendations? Taste my marinade. It's from 'Men and Chicken' and you gotta watch it. If you have a high tolerance for a wild and strange ride type of movies, watch it. If you check his filmography, his earlier movies are closer to this (weird comedies and funny-looking characters). That movie is sooo fucking weird What's this from? Men & Chicken You heard it folks Mr.Sinister confirmed Obligatory Hannibal plug, just finished the third season and it is one of the best shows I have seen. Mads is perfect as Hannibal Lecter. Watch the movie The Hunt if you never have. He's fucking brilliant. YES. Said this in another thread, it is incredible... like you hate life incredible. Only once though, even makes me sad and mad at the same time reading the title Mads > Hopkins Not even kidding. He is on a hannibal lector level in westworld atm, they differ on their performance but they both do it graciously and terryfing. Hopkins in Westworld may be one if the best TV performances I have seen in years Really? It doesn't look like anything to me. dammit take your upvote. You must be new... Nawt much of'a rind on you Found the host. Freeze all motor functions. Same. The whole cast has done a great job, but Hopkins just kills it every time he's on screen. I just hope he makes it through the finale and we at least get him for another season or two. I'd also say Ed Harris has been doing a fantastic job as well. I can only hope we get another Ford/MiB scene in the final episode. Dolores' father in the pilot was amazing too. In one particular scene he made Anthony Hopkins look like a prop in the room. They did an amazing job with the casting on the show. It's close, but Matthew McConaughey in True Detective takes the cake for me. Anthony Hopkins plays a better hannibal than Anthony Hopkins' hannibal in Westworld. He's in Westworld?? Yeah. And he's killing it. I watched some videos analysing his face during scenes, the nuances are so masterfully done. Edit: the video https://youtu.be/4kSGkGKwp9U Yeah, and he's been killing it. Meh, i think they're both great. To be fair, Hopkins got very limited screen time and Mikkelesn got three seasons, hard to compare directly. I think the extra character development is what makes the show's version preferable to me. Hopkins has been almost playing a better Hannibal on Westworld. I feel like they both played refined and sinister psychopaths, but Mads was perhaps a shade more charismatic. Mads is my favorite actor these days. Love him as Hannibal. The Hunt was fantastic. Check out The Salvation. Best Danish-American western of all time! Hopkins really fucking pulls off his role on Westworld now though, like holy shit. Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Did you know that Mads actually starred in a Danish film, in which he plays the role of a butcher, whose store is about to go bankrupt until he starts chopping up people and selling them disguised as marinaded pork? To unsubscribe, reply cancel Subscribe. Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads is the younger brother to Lars Mikkelsen, who is known for playing the Russian president in the House of Cards television show. To unsubscribe, reply cancel. Ooh. That's cool. Subscribe! Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads starred in the film De Grønne Slagtere (The Green Butchers), but did you know that it is actually part of a triology of films who are all in the genre Scandinavian comedy, which is much more morbid than its American counterpart? To unsubscribe, reply cancel. why would I ever want to unsubscribe to this?? more! Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads started his career in 1996, but it was actually first 10 years later in 2006 when he made his debut on the international scene, most notably known as Le Chiffre in Casino Royale. To unsubscribe, reply cancel Edit: He actually starred in King Arthur in 2004. Whoops. It's a shame he was disgustingly wasted as a villain in Dr Strange. What a missed opportunity. imagery in that show haunts you for a while. I binge watched first season. won't be doing that again. How was season 3? I kinda gave up after the first 3 episodes cause I got really bored, I loved the first 2 seasons. He had that thing down way back when he was just on Danish TV. He is a special looking fucker, but that's probably also a big part of why he is successful internationally now. And he's such a great actor. He normally looks like an evil guy, but in The Hunt, he seems such a nice, caring guy. In Men and Chicken, he looks like someone with an uncontrollable masturbation habit. That's the average dane. We masturbate a lot. Source: am danish Fun trivia! Denmark lifted the ban on pornography in 1967, and we legalized it in 1969 - as the first country in the world. That's really cool. It's one of my criteria if I ever need to relocate. I'd go to a country that doesn't vilify porn. You should have seen him in Pusher “Du sidder da ikke og stikker dine fissefingre ned i min armagnac!” https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/5g2vbq/hideo_kojima_mads_mikkelsen/dap6pah Very sinister : https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BNDEwMTQxODQzN15BMl5BanBnXkFtZTgwMzM1MTE1ODE@._V1_SY1000_SX1500_AL_.jpg Wtf... Coming from Hannibal, this looks ...different.. You should see some of the Danish comedy movies he's done. I've forced many of my brit friends to watch the Green Butchers. Hilarious and dark. To say that Danish comedies are "dark" is an understatement. They're dark to such an absurd degree that it ends up becoming part of the comedy. Happen to have any recommendations? Taste my marinade. It's from 'Men and Chicken' and you gotta watch it. If you have a high tolerance for a wild and strange ride type of movies, watch it. If you check his filmography, his earlier movies are closer to this (weird comedies and funny-looking characters). That movie is sooo fucking weird What's this from? Men & Chicken You heard it folks Mr.Sinister confirmed Wtf... Coming from Hannibal, this looks ...different.. You should see some of the Danish comedy movies he's done. I've forced many of my brit friends to watch the Green Butchers. Hilarious and dark. To say that Danish comedies are "dark" is an understatement. They're dark to such an absurd degree that it ends up becoming part of the comedy. Happen to have any recommendations? Taste my marinade. It's from 'Men and Chicken' and you gotta watch it. If you have a high tolerance for a wild and strange ride type of movies, watch it. If you check his filmography, his earlier movies are closer to this (weird comedies and funny-looking characters). That movie is sooo fucking weird What's this from? Men & Chicken You should see some of the Danish comedy movies he's done. I've forced many of my brit friends to watch the Green Butchers. Hilarious and dark. To say that Danish comedies are "dark" is an understatement. They're dark to such an absurd degree that it ends up becoming part of the comedy. Happen to have any recommendations? Taste my marinade. It's from 'Men and Chicken' and you gotta watch it. If you have a high tolerance for a wild and strange ride type of movies, watch it. If you check his filmography, his earlier movies are closer to this (weird comedies and funny-looking characters). To say that Danish comedies are "dark" is an understatement. They're dark to such an absurd degree that it ends up becoming part of the comedy. Happen to have any recommendations? Taste my marinade. Happen to have any recommendations? Men & Chicken Watch the movie The Hunt if you never have. He's fucking brilliant. YES. Said this in another thread, it is incredible... like you hate life incredible. Only once though, even makes me sad and mad at the same time reading the title Mads > Hopkins Not even kidding. He is on a hannibal lector level in westworld atm, they differ on their performance but they both do it graciously and terryfing. Hopkins in Westworld may be one if the best TV performances I have seen in years Really? It doesn't look like anything to me. dammit take your upvote. You must be new... Nawt much of'a rind on you Found the host. Freeze all motor functions. Same. The whole cast has done a great job, but Hopkins just kills it every time he's on screen. I just hope he makes it through the finale and we at least get him for another season or two. I'd also say Ed Harris has been doing a fantastic job as well. I can only hope we get another Ford/MiB scene in the final episode. Dolores' father in the pilot was amazing too. In one particular scene he made Anthony Hopkins look like a prop in the room. They did an amazing job with the casting on the show. It's close, but Matthew McConaughey in True Detective takes the cake for me. Anthony Hopkins plays a better hannibal than Anthony Hopkins' hannibal in Westworld. He's in Westworld?? Yeah. And he's killing it. I watched some videos analysing his face during scenes, the nuances are so masterfully done. Edit: the video https://youtu.be/4kSGkGKwp9U Yeah, and he's been killing it. Meh, i think they're both great. To be fair, Hopkins got very limited screen time and Mikkelesn got three seasons, hard to compare directly. I think the extra character development is what makes the show's version preferable to me. Hopkins has been almost playing a better Hannibal on Westworld. I feel like they both played refined and sinister psychopaths, but Mads was perhaps a shade more charismatic. Mads is my favorite actor these days. Love him as Hannibal. The Hunt was fantastic. Check out The Salvation. Best Danish-American western of all time! Hopkins really fucking pulls off his role on Westworld now though, like holy shit. Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Did you know that Mads actually starred in a Danish film, in which he plays the role of a butcher, whose store is about to go bankrupt until he starts chopping up people and selling them disguised as marinaded pork? To unsubscribe, reply cancel Subscribe. Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads is the younger brother to Lars Mikkelsen, who is known for playing the Russian president in the House of Cards television show. To unsubscribe, reply cancel. Ooh. That's cool. Subscribe! Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads starred in the film De Grønne Slagtere (The Green Butchers), but did you know that it is actually part of a triology of films who are all in the genre Scandinavian comedy, which is much more morbid than its American counterpart? To unsubscribe, reply cancel. why would I ever want to unsubscribe to this?? more! Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads started his career in 1996, but it was actually first 10 years later in 2006 when he made his debut on the international scene, most notably known as Le Chiffre in Casino Royale. To unsubscribe, reply cancel Edit: He actually starred in King Arthur in 2004. Whoops. It's a shame he was disgustingly wasted as a villain in Dr Strange. What a missed opportunity. imagery in that show haunts you for a while. I binge watched first season. won't be doing that again. How was season 3? I kinda gave up after the first 3 episodes cause I got really bored, I loved the first 2 seasons. YES. Said this in another thread, it is incredible... like you hate life incredible. Only once though, even makes me sad and mad at the same time reading the title Said this in another thread, it is incredible... like you hate life incredible. He is on a hannibal lector level in westworld atm, they differ on their performance but they both do it graciously and terryfing. Hopkins in Westworld may be one if the best TV performances I have seen in years Really? It doesn't look like anything to me. dammit take your upvote. You must be new... Nawt much of'a rind on you Found the host. Freeze all motor functions. Same. The whole cast has done a great job, but Hopkins just kills it every time he's on screen. I just hope he makes it through the finale and we at least get him for another season or two. I'd also say Ed Harris has been doing a fantastic job as well. I can only hope we get another Ford/MiB scene in the final episode. Dolores' father in the pilot was amazing too. In one particular scene he made Anthony Hopkins look like a prop in the room. They did an amazing job with the casting on the show. It's close, but Matthew McConaughey in True Detective takes the cake for me. Anthony Hopkins plays a better hannibal than Anthony Hopkins' hannibal in Westworld. He's in Westworld?? Yeah. And he's killing it. I watched some videos analysing his face during scenes, the nuances are so masterfully done. Edit: the video https://youtu.be/4kSGkGKwp9U Yeah, and he's been killing it. Meh, i think they're both great. To be fair, Hopkins got very limited screen time and Mikkelesn got three seasons, hard to compare directly. I think the extra character development is what makes the show's version preferable to me. Hopkins has been almost playing a better Hannibal on Westworld. I feel like they both played refined and sinister psychopaths, but Mads was perhaps a shade more charismatic. Mads is my favorite actor these days. Love him as Hannibal. The Hunt was fantastic. Check out The Salvation. Best Danish-American western of all time! Hopkins really fucking pulls off his role on Westworld now though, like holy shit. Hopkins in Westworld may be one if the best TV performances I have seen in years Really? It doesn't look like anything to me. dammit take your upvote. You must be new... Nawt much of'a rind on you Found the host. Freeze all motor functions. Same. The whole cast has done a great job, but Hopkins just kills it every time he's on screen. I just hope he makes it through the finale and we at least get him for another season or two. I'd also say Ed Harris has been doing a fantastic job as well. I can only hope we get another Ford/MiB scene in the final episode. Dolores' father in the pilot was amazing too. In one particular scene he made Anthony Hopkins look like a prop in the room. They did an amazing job with the casting on the show. It's close, but Matthew McConaughey in True Detective takes the cake for me. Anthony Hopkins plays a better hannibal than Anthony Hopkins' hannibal in Westworld. He's in Westworld?? Yeah. And he's killing it. I watched some videos analysing his face during scenes, the nuances are so masterfully done. Edit: the video https://youtu.be/4kSGkGKwp9U Yeah, and he's been killing it. Really? It doesn't look like anything to me. dammit take your upvote. You must be new... Nawt much of'a rind on you Found the host. Freeze all motor functions. Same. The whole cast has done a great job, but Hopkins just kills it every time he's on screen. I just hope he makes it through the finale and we at least get him for another season or two. I'd also say Ed Harris has been doing a fantastic job as well. I can only hope we get another Ford/MiB scene in the final episode. Dolores' father in the pilot was amazing too. In one particular scene he made Anthony Hopkins look like a prop in the room. They did an amazing job with the casting on the show. It's close, but Matthew McConaughey in True Detective takes the cake for me. Anthony Hopkins plays a better hannibal than Anthony Hopkins' hannibal in Westworld. dammit take your upvote. You must be new... Nawt much of'a rind on you Found the host. Freeze all motor functions. You must be new... Nawt much of'a rind on you Dolores' father in the pilot was amazing too. In one particular scene he made Anthony Hopkins look like a prop in the room. They did an amazing job with the casting on the show. They did an amazing job with the casting on the show. Yeah. And he's killing it. I watched some videos analysing his face during scenes, the nuances are so masterfully done. Edit: the video https://youtu.be/4kSGkGKwp9U Yeah, and he's been killing it. To be fair, Hopkins got very limited screen time and Mikkelesn got three seasons, hard to compare directly. I think the extra character development is what makes the show's version preferable to me. Hopkins has been almost playing a better Hannibal on Westworld. Hopkins has been almost playing a better Hannibal on Westworld. Subscribe. Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads is the younger brother to Lars Mikkelsen, who is known for playing the Russian president in the House of Cards television show. To unsubscribe, reply cancel. Ooh. That's cool. Subscribe! Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads starred in the film De Grønne Slagtere (The Green Butchers), but did you know that it is actually part of a triology of films who are all in the genre Scandinavian comedy, which is much more morbid than its American counterpart? To unsubscribe, reply cancel. why would I ever want to unsubscribe to this?? more! Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads started his career in 1996, but it was actually first 10 years later in 2006 when he made his debut on the international scene, most notably known as Le Chiffre in Casino Royale. To unsubscribe, reply cancel Edit: He actually starred in King Arthur in 2004. Whoops. Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads is the younger brother to Lars Mikkelsen, who is known for playing the Russian president in the House of Cards television show. To unsubscribe, reply cancel. Ooh. That's cool. Subscribe! Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads starred in the film De Grønne Slagtere (The Green Butchers), but did you know that it is actually part of a triology of films who are all in the genre Scandinavian comedy, which is much more morbid than its American counterpart? To unsubscribe, reply cancel. Ooh. That's cool. Subscribe! Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads starred in the film De Grønne Slagtere (The Green Butchers), but did you know that it is actually part of a triology of films who are all in the genre Scandinavian comedy, which is much more morbid than its American counterpart? To unsubscribe, reply cancel. Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads starred in the film De Grønne Slagtere (The Green Butchers), but did you know that it is actually part of a triology of films who are all in the genre Scandinavian comedy, which is much more morbid than its American counterpart? To unsubscribe, reply cancel. Thank you for subscribing to Mads Facts! Mads started his career in 1996, but it was actually first 10 years later in 2006 when he made his debut on the international scene, most notably known as Le Chiffre in Casino Royale. To unsubscribe, reply cancel Edit: He actually starred in King Arthur in 2004. Whoops. And he's such a great actor. He normally looks like an evil guy, but in The Hunt, he seems such a nice, caring guy. In Men and Chicken, he looks like someone with an uncontrollable masturbation habit. That's the average dane. We masturbate a lot. Source: am danish Fun trivia! Denmark lifted the ban on pornography in 1967, and we legalized it in 1969 - as the first country in the world. That's really cool. It's one of my criteria if I ever need to relocate. I'd go to a country that doesn't vilify porn. In Men and Chicken, he looks like someone with an uncontrollable masturbation habit. That's the average dane. We masturbate a lot. Source: am danish Fun trivia! Denmark lifted the ban on pornography in 1967, and we legalized it in 1969 - as the first country in the world. That's really cool. It's one of my criteria if I ever need to relocate. I'd go to a country that doesn't vilify porn. That's the average dane. We masturbate a lot. Source: am danish Fun trivia! Denmark lifted the ban on pornography in 1967, and we legalized it in 1969 - as the first country in the world. That's really cool. It's one of my criteria if I ever need to relocate. I'd go to a country that doesn't vilify porn. That's really cool. It's one of my criteria if I ever need to relocate. I'd go to a country that doesn't vilify porn. “Du sidder da ikke og stikker dine fissefingre ned i min armagnac!” Award Received by: Hideo Kojima Award Received by: Hideo Kojima Geoff Keighley Geoff Keighley by Hideo Kojima "Geoff, I'm accepting this award tonight in the hope you will stop camping out on my lawn trying to give me awards. Also STAY OUT OF MY BINS." I don't see why everyone is making fun of Geoff's speech. Hideo clearly has respect for him, too, he was even tearing up last night and said "I love you Geoff". It's kinda like seeing that one kid at school hug his mom, then pointing and saying, "Haw Haw he loves his mom!" Light hearted, childish ribbing. ;) Nah because low hanging gay jokes yield better karma. He actually did great as host yesterday. 100% agree. I regret being douchey about Geoff a few years back when he was making his rounds as the Dewrito Pope. Now that I'm older, I have more understanding and respect for what he does. Grunts by: Hideo Kojima Moans by: Hideo Kojima Table assembled by: Hideo Kojima Clean up by: Hideo Kojima Award Received by: Hideo Kojima Geoff Keighley Geoff Keighley by Hideo Kojima Geoff Keighley by Hideo Kojima It's kinda like seeing that one kid at school hug his mom, then pointing and saying, "Haw Haw he loves his mom!" Light hearted, childish ribbing. ;) Nah because low hanging gay jokes yield better karma. He actually did great as host yesterday. 100% agree. I regret being douchey about Geoff a few years back when he was making his rounds as the Dewrito Pope. Now that I'm older, I have more understanding and respect for what he does. 100% agree. I regret being douchey about Geoff a few years back when he was making his rounds as the Dewrito Pope. Now that I'm older, I have more understanding and respect for what he does. Once he hots 70, maybe. What about if he colds 70? What then? Hot Coldman. Hotdeo Coldjima. What was his name again? Firey Warmguy? Japanese gene. 50 year old women look like 30 here. Probably all the fish in their diet. What about if he colds 70? What then? Hot Coldman. Hotdeo Coldjima. What was his name again? Firey Warmguy? Hot Coldman. Hotdeo Coldjima. What was his name again? Firey Warmguy? Hotdeo Coldjima. What was his name again? Firey Warmguy? I also have two of those But are they sexy? Find out next week on: r/forearmporn ! 4 years, 7 months and 10 days /r/jesuschristreddit I love thet they are all tagged nsfw. Of course that's a thing... r/ofcoursethatsathing /r/madslads Thank you, this made me laugh It comes with sorcery training. /r/unexpectedmasturbation But are they sexy? Find out next week on: r/forearmporn ! 4 years, 7 months and 10 days /r/jesuschristreddit I love thet they are all tagged nsfw. Of course that's a thing... r/ofcoursethatsathing Find out next week on: r/forearmporn ! 4 years, 7 months and 10 days /r/jesuschristreddit I love thet they are all tagged nsfw. Of course that's a thing... r/ofcoursethatsathing 4 years, 7 months and 10 days /r/jesuschristreddit I love thet they are all tagged nsfw. Of course that's a thing... r/ofcoursethatsathing I love thet they are all tagged nsfw. Thank you, this made me laugh Nothing here is vegetarian ;) That cake is probably made from Gideon's kneecaps Just make sure the cake wasn't made by him. And Mads will eat you with a cake. When it's finally released in 2036, based on Kojima's impossibly high standards and long development times, it will be fantastic. Can't wait to pick it up along with the new Tool album. I heard it'll be bundled with HL3 Obligatory GRRM will never finish joke I want to live in whatever universe you guys are all living in As we introduce Bernie Sanders as President. We can plug it straight into our templejack neuronets! Oh, wow! It's coming out before the next Elder Scrolls? Thanks, came to find out why they were together and it took forever to find a comment mentioning a game. Can't wait to pick it up along with the new Tool album. I heard it'll be bundled with HL3 Obligatory GRRM will never finish joke I want to live in whatever universe you guys are all living in As we introduce Bernie Sanders as President. We can plug it straight into our templejack neuronets! Oh, wow! It's coming out before the next Elder Scrolls? I heard it'll be bundled with HL3 Obligatory GRRM will never finish joke I want to live in whatever universe you guys are all living in As we introduce Bernie Sanders as President. Obligatory GRRM will never finish joke I want to live in whatever universe you guys are all living in As we introduce Bernie Sanders as President. Supposedly there are rumors of netflix wanting to do season 4, but we've been hearing that since season 3... Relevant SATW Why? Because Mads Mikkelsen is Danish and we're very proud of him. Oh nice! They should be. Beyond that, he keeps doing Danish movies even though I'm sure he gets much more profitable deals from abroad. For those interested and who does not mind watching non-English movies, what I see as his greatest work of all is Jagten (The Hunt), a movie about the consequences of neighbourhood vigilantism and judgement before evidence is presented. very proud of him. Mad about him. Mads is Danish. Very famous there. See the comment by /u/phantuba - it explains it very, very well. Ayy Because Mads Mikkelsen is Danish and we're very proud of him. Oh nice! They should be. Beyond that, he keeps doing Danish movies even though I'm sure he gets much more profitable deals from abroad. For those interested and who does not mind watching non-English movies, what I see as his greatest work of all is Jagten (The Hunt), a movie about the consequences of neighbourhood vigilantism and judgement before evidence is presented. very proud of him. Mad about him. Mads is Danish. Very famous there. See the comment by /u/phantuba - it explains it very, very well. Ayy Oh nice! They should be. Beyond that, he keeps doing Danish movies even though I'm sure he gets much more profitable deals from abroad. For those interested and who does not mind watching non-English movies, what I see as his greatest work of all is Jagten (The Hunt), a movie about the consequences of neighbourhood vigilantism and judgement before evidence is presented. very proud of him. Mad about him. Ayy And the bad guy from Doctor Strange, whatever his name was Bumblebee Cabbagepatch? I meant the villain character Bandicoot Crumblebread? :/ Beefstew Calculator? Bumblebee Cabbagepatch? I meant the villain character Bandicoot Crumblebread? :/ Beefstew Calculator? I meant the villain character Bandicoot Crumblebread? :/ Beefstew Calculator? Bandicoot Crumblebread? :/ Beefstew Calculator? :/ Beefstew Calculator? Beefstew Calculator? Yes. And the latest villain in Doctor Strange. He has a good face for a villain! White marzipan, friend, white marzipan. White marzipan can't not read it in homestar runner's voice MARzipaaaaaaan Stwongbaaaad. Line... White marzipan can't not read it in homestar runner's voice MARzipaaaaaaan Stwongbaaaad. Line... can't not read it in homestar runner's voice MARzipaaaaaaan Stwongbaaaad. Line... MARzipaaaaaaan Stwongbaaaad. Line... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Well he's getting his due recognition as of late. It started well before Hannibal and he's now kicking some serious ass in high budget movies like Dr. Strange, Rogue One and well, we shall see :) True, also The Hunt is a modern classic imho. True, also The Hunt is a modern classic imho. A little part of me hopes he sleeps with all the female cast in rogue one. ALL of them But what about felici- ALL OF THEM Hideo is the one in the middle and Mads is taking the picture Mads is the one who eats people But Hideo is the one pulling the strings You can find Mads Mikkelsen by Hideo Kojima Under-rated comment But Hideo is the one pulling the strings Under-rated comment "Respekt" edit- Totally agree. Pusher is fantastic. And talking about sinister actors, Kim Bodnia is pretty hardcore too [deleted] It's not even a typo. He posted the same title in the overwatch subreddit. https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/4xp675/dva_giving_tributing_to_one_of_reddits_most/ /u/IBleeedorange pls He probably just copy-pasted. As is tradition. As is tradition. Are you fuc. fucc succ Doot Good work Reddit. Great commentary. Thank Mr. Skeltal 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺📯 Noot Tee BERSERKER! As is tradition Amen It's u/IBleeedorange, of course that's what he did. Or did he..... creepy pastad copying pasting CTRLV Controling pasting crappy potised Mmmmm. Creepy pasta. u/ibleeedorange is a chronic shitposter. It is known. It is known. tbf so is rooonaldooo99 Roonaldooooo99 -EdGaR iBleeeeedorange ThatsMyHoverboard Skidmark_Wahlburg Gallowboob dick-nipples Donald_Keyman SlimJones123 Easily over 25m karma between these people If you add me to that list it will still be over 25m Karma. Math checks out Looks like the shit version of Suicide Squad. So... Just the regular Suicide Squad, then? Haha, yes that it is How can you forget r/gaming legend ifaptoyoueverynight? Bausse Ssshh my shitposting is nowhere near as good as those people Believe in yourself Shitpost, /u/bausse, shitpost! I don't get Gallowboob, he's an actual person. And has this to a science. Shitposting. Was that proof of that pic really him I just have them all ignored, removes 90% of karma-whoring reposts and pandering comments. You can't deny it now. Some say it is written Looking at his profile. Oh god, he might embody everything wrong with reddit... -_-' /shillmodeengaged ibleedorange is actually really good at being involved in most of the communities he's engaged in (I mostly see it in the Blizzard game subs, of which he's a mod of at least two). Of the shitposters, he's one of the few good ones. Also in his defense, I've never had an issue with him in /r/CFB. He's genuinely active and engaged there. I tend to dislike when accounts go for the pandering title but, typo aside, this one is pretty accurate. It's a shit title anyway. I have a typo in my RES tag for him. He is known as shitposer and I'm not changing it. idk, /u/ibleeedorange posts a ton of content, a lot of it is amusing, and I'm pretty sure I've heard them say they try to avoid reposts. I like 'em. [deleted] [deleted] I've heard them say they try to avoid reposts. Correct, I run everything through karmadecay.com and/or through a reverse image search of reddit from google. I think people just have an instinctual negative reaction to seeing the same name under a lot of front page content, but to me, that shows you must be doing something right, so keep on keeping on! I don't mind your post because usually they are very good, but I need to ask why? What is your motivation to be so active? So say we all. Not to mention the obviously staged through the glass photo is now a thing. Yeah but he has all the karma so not like it even matters. He copied it from the girl in the pic own imgr less than 10hrs after she posted it http://imgur.com/gallery/HRnTV It's what happens when you don't care what you're posting about, just that you're posting as much as possible. It's clear he, and everyone involved in cosplay and overwatch fandom are fucking morons. Jesus. The post got torn to shreds over there. Ah, shit. You done goofed OP. So can I start the angry mob now? Or do we have to wait for him to fuck up again? u/pitchforkemporium Can I get torches there too? There's a Costco sized mix and match deal. 2 torches 1 fork, and a few lengths of rope for the hanging. Burlap bags sold separately. 2 torches and 1 fork? But I only have 2 hands! Bring a friend. An angry mob generally requires more than one person. Na, you get them here: r/torchem Bro, when are you gonna give that up? Never Perfect, I love this place. Thanks. /u/torchforkemporium ----E~~~~~ This one smokes... (I should probably send it back. I didn't get it from the official u/PitchforkEmporium) I'll take three, one for each cheek in the photo and one for op This guy fucks. You know, I've actually been known to fuck myself People tell me to do this to myself quite a bit. P Ok I've got my pitchfork... wait, why is everyone talking about... ugh I'm too late. Instructions unclear, pitchfork stuck in penis. Well aren't there some offs you should be fucking then? The haters. He fucked up twice. GET THE MOB! Please begin. But it makes the title unique and artsy... Consequences, will never be the same! Fun facts: The dad is dead and the chick is now a dude. ...Huh. He'll repost it in a month with a fixed title, it's all good. I can't believe you've done this. Ah fuck https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X6VoFBCE9k Shut it down. Shut it all down. Come on man, you'd think 8 million post karma would fix these kind of mistakes :^) 7.5 million link karma and you pull a novice move like this?! For shame, Orange, for shame! Or, he knows how anal retentive Reddit is about typos, and uses this to his advantage to get all of us here to "call him out" and add more publicity to his threads. Hook, Line, Sinker. Like this? happens to us all You had one job Your good posts with good titles are far too rare for the sheer amount you post to reddit You fucked up big league. Or should I say fucked uped big league. Twice I read it as tribute and didnt even notice. :X He is betrayal. Reddit top demographics is non native english speaker. r/titlegore Don't know why, but I found that 3 word sentence too funny pls no famerino They are to be giving shitposting 8 mil karma She'd better be careful, could get banned from sanctioned magic for this kinda behavior.... I'm not sure that's such a bad thing. I stopped going to sanctioned events (just pre-releases(fnaar) and Cube drafts) and it did me the world of good. I wouldn't say they were a toxic environment, but they're a great place in which to lose a piece of your humanity. Many years ago I got interested in Magic and went to a local card store that specialized primarily in Magic cards. I started talking to the owner and another employee about getting into Magic. They asked me what kind of deck I was thinking of making and I said something dragon-themed would be cool. They looked at each other with these huge smirks as if I'd just said the stupidest thing they'd ever heard and started laughing (not belly laughs, more like evil minions laughing to each other after their overlord says something 'funny'). It made me feel really stupid, and I could feel myself turning really red. They never shared what was so funny, but after that they treated me in a way that clearly stated they were no longer interested in interacting with me. I tried a bit longer, mentioning that green decks seemed fun since they seemed to be my style of play (buff up monsters, trample enemy). I asked for confirmation if that was a common green deck strategy and they just snort-laughed and said "something like that." I left shortly after. I felt really bad, even though I knew they were the problem and not me. Haven't touched Magic since. I know not everyone in the hobby is like that, but when even business owners that depend on new players for increased business treat you like shit for being a 'noob' then I figured I was better off avoiding the hobby. Saved me a lot of money, too. Yeah people like that are assholes. Honestly the way to get magic is to have friends that play magic. I can't imagine trying to get into it without playing at the kitchen table first - probably MTGO would be the best way there. But it's also expensive :( MTGO is the absolute worst way to get into Magic, friend. Forget expensive, MTGO is awful software. Lots of nice digital card games out there at this point. [deleted] I've only recently started getting into MTG and hope this isn't true everywhere. I've only been to one draft but the owner and the other guys at the LGS seemed pretty cool and were pretty helpful. They did talk about other stores having a lot of elitism, so maybe I just got lucky where I went. It is very hit or miss. I loved my buddy's LGS, but man competitive Magic players (especially the bad ones) are just the absolute worst. Playing Magic casually is the best way to play. Unfortunately I can't do anything casually - I go hard and then I get bored. You got lucky. Store magic is mostly very unfriendly to beginners. The exception is when there is either a very large beginner population where they can learn together or there is enough of a laid back atmosphere that it can still be fun. Tournament magic is a completely different beast than FNM or an offbeat draft. You have so many people there working towards a singular goal that it kind of loses it's social atmosphere and becomes more of a workplace. I personally didn't like it but I do see the appeal. If you can find a place you like to play and/or people you like to play with, enjoy it! It's a really fun game, don't let the toxic atmosphere elsewhere detract from your fun. I draft every Friday and I've never really had a problem except for a random kid who had some sort of developmental issue, and he wasn't really an asshole, just very easily distracted. Really depends on the store though. Compare that to LoL or any FPS where you'll eventually run into raging assholes no matter what you do. Something about saying shit to people's faces. Eh they were just some assholes, there's tons of local stores that would be willing to help you start out. My game store is always nice and willing to help new people out. If you were still interested, probably the easiest way to get back in is to pick up a couple of duel decks (blessed vs. cursed is really fun) and play against a friend I've played Magic (very) casually over the years. I think you'll find people like that in any sort of hobby. The elitists that think they're just amazing at the game and that they don't have time to deal with new or inexperienced players. I personally haven't met anyone like that with Magic but I'm sure they're out there. I never attended any organized events or anything. But honestly most of the people that I've met, which was mostly through high school and college, were friendly and glad to help. I've sat down with complete strangers and asked if I could play with them and I've never been turned down. I've had deck building help from guys I just met. You also have to remember most people that play Magic aren't exactly socially skilled. Comic and gaming shops are the fucking worst. I've been to a bunch of them, and not once have I ever been to one where the owners/employees weren't a bunch of sweaty pretentious assholes. Edit: Nan's in Houston is OK, but the whole store smells like BO. but the whole store smells like BO. You didn't need to add this. That is just how I imagine most game stores. At a local primarily mini-war gaming (40,000K mostly) store it got so bad this summer they put a poster on the door telling people to fuck off if they haven't showered. I hate that this is literally the experiences I've had. I haven't gone to my LGS in quite a bit because the last few weeks it's been pretty rank in there and I'm sick of leaving with headaches. Well, while our experiences differ, I will provide my own anecdotal counter argument. I have, in all of my life, never seen, been to, or even heard about a store that smelled unless it was from other people on the internet. Nor have I run into asshole LGS Owners or even players really. Sure, a few people got a little upset unnecessarily, but I haven't seen anyone be straight up rude or dickish. Every LGS I have been to has been helpful to new people, they are prospective customers after all, and are fairly consumer friendly. If anyone knows any horrendous places in the San Antonio area, I would gladly have you prove me wrong. I always assumed it would be difficult to fuck up a comic book store's business but I guess that's the way you do it I know not everyone in the hobby is like that not everybody, just most of them. Magic is an awful community. It's a hobby where you spend hundreds of hours reading up on meta and the cards, then thousands of dollars buying cards that all match that meta, so you can win, just like all the other assholes who end up "staying" in the hobby. They were laughing because dragon cards are generally pretty shitty. In Magic, you win by spawning infinite squirrels in some stupid combo. They though of you as an inferior being for not knowing that trivial knowledge of a dumb hobby. IMO, the only way to enjoy magic as a "normie" is to play preconstructed decks vs other preconstructed decks. Eh reminds me of video game veterans too. I've been playing the same MMO since it came out in 2001 and some of the people are such elitists and jackasses to new players. They don't realize they're riding an old ship that's destined to sink and they're making sure no one new climbs on board. Just imagine the self-loathing those Magic guys deal with every day, and appreciate that they drove you away from the hobby. Something worth noting about these "business owners": half the time they don't actually care about the business, they just started a card shop so they could play. I'm not talking shit about every card shop, there are plenty of really great shops out there. But there are also a ton of terrible shops that don't give a damn about anything other than competitive play. Never seen that kind of behavior from a store owner. A few players but not even that many. Honestly that's pretty idiotic. Yeah we have some idiots. They were probably just really good blue players (blue's strategy is to annoy your opponents until they lose all desire to play, or something like that) Damn. Wish you were in my area. When I was getting into magic I went ahead and bought 100+ cards, cus why not, and I then went the shop. I told them I wanted to start playing and I already purchased cards, and they were so nice saying that is a good way to start, but can cause confusion for a new player, and such. They were amazing people. I am sorry for your experience. I live in Snellville, GA, and the place is Tabletop Games Pwnd Gaming, if anyone is wondering. Idk why they're laughing, edh commanders has a decent dragon deck. I'm sorry that happened to you! I enjoy Magic and still am pretty involved, but it does attract a certain group of people. Regardless the game can be really fun! I'm sorry some asshats ruined it for you. That's a really shitty attitude I'm sorry you had to go through that. When I was playing mtg on a daily basis (1998-2003 I'd say) we "veterans" always tried to be helpful with newbies, pointing out strategies, giving away cheap cards for them to get started etc. We even went as far as pointing out when someone was trying to scam them into a very unfavorable card trade (got a couple death threats out of that). We had our fair shares of assholes in the community, but in general it was quite pleasant. I'm sorry to hear it has gotten worse over the years. Those people are assholes, but I'm going to try to explain what I think they were probably laughing about. Most dragons in Magic are high mana cost creatures and while they're powerful, a deck based around them is usually not going to be very good (outside of EDH where higher mana costs don't matter as much) so they were laughing at the strategy I guess. And with Green decks, you're right. They play big creatures, buff them, attack, and often have the Trample ability. That being said, a monogreen deck generally won't have as many tricks that other colors have available, and is an easier deck to pilot for a beginner. So, it seems like they were laughing at you because you were new, which is crazy considering you would have been a paying customer at their business. If you're still interested, check out /r/magictcg and maybe find another game store in your area. You can also get Duels of the Planeswalkers for on Steam. The newest one is free as well. They can help you to learn the basics of the game, but don't have the same level of complication as playing on MTGO or with paper. Kitchen table Magic is best magic. Get friends and enforce Pauper rules (no rares or above, or was it strictly commons?) so that no one gets any bright ideas and goes out to buy their way to victory. I stopped playing Magic when I realized I was starting to become that guy. I've started playing again with Eldritch Moon but I'm sticking to being a casual player. My man! Welcome back to the fold. :D Relevant story: Some smug jackanapes dismissively called me an Effing Casual while asking everyone else in the room if they'd go to an upcoming Pro Tour Qualifier a hundred miles away at the weekend. Everyone said 'no', but i said "Yeah man i'll see you there". Dude couldn't make it (nobody wanted to waste a car seat for him) but i went along with some other marginally serious players. Went 5-0 before my first defeat, with a borrowed deck, then it all went down hill. Still, worth it to see that guy not say anything to me when word got around. #EffingCasualForLife Some people just don't understand that casual!=bad player just like how some people don't understand that there are people who will buy a box of boosters rather than buying singles even if it's more expensive for potentially less value because they enjoy opening packs. Good job going 5-0 btw. How many people were there? I've never gone to a Pro-Tour qualifier. Amen Competitive MTG players are just the worst. In my community there are a good bunch of guys and they will help you, but there is a whole different kind of bunch that are just assholes. I was pretty proud when on turn turn 2 I killed the mutavault of one of those asshole, he wasn't too happy about it. Let's be honest here. I'm not sure if it's a majority or a subset, but a large number of MTG players are just people you do not want to be around. Local stores vary, but large events tend to be places you do not want to hang around for too long. /r/magictcg is one of the worst subreddits you could step foot in. Got into paper magic this year, superfriendly people at my store i actually made three good friends from the store. But i have seen my fair share of dicks in IQs and PPTQs. Ymmv i guess.. relevant username? is r/magictcg the subreddit that avidly defending the literal convicted rapist magic player over his crazy aggressive rape? and continued to do so even when numerous women in the community came out and said he acted massively inappropriately around them? Did that dude get banned? 18 months. Implying that an attractive female will ever be held to the same standard as an ugly male. nah it's a woman, she good Nerf this! I swear, every time I hear that, I'm in a corner without enough knowledge of the map to get away in time. I'm the Reinhardt that shouts "WITNESS ME" and charges it off the cliff. remember my sacrifice Best feeling as Reinhardt until you realize your shield would just block most of it Yeah but that requires your teammates to know to stand behind the shield; easier to get it out of the way so the headless chickens can continue to run around. That's why you just get the whole team to play as Reinhardt. You just push up and get riiiight on top of that mech. Like brushing the front of your shield on its face. You can block almost 180 degrees of the explosion and the bar is set real low for what counts as being "behind your shield". Im the roadhog who would accidentally hook the meka as a reflexive action and get half the team killed. As a D Va player the last thing you should do as a Roadhog is hook me in. Sometimes I save the ult just for it. Why? 1/3 of the time you are always missing the ult by 20% like everyone else You stay, I go. No following. I prefer CATCH PHRASE! I'm the roadhog who hooks it into the entire team. I'm the Mei who blocks the explosion with a wall. Whereas I am the Mei who sits next to it in an icecube... To quote Tom Fawkes, "HELPING!" One time I tried to do this but accidentally just brought it to my team in a ranked game. People were not happy. "You will ride eternal, shiny and chrome." You are credit to team. I managed to grab someone once while doing that. Once I grabbed someone, I was like "YES!"... and then off the cliff Just drive it to a corner and shield the blast. Or you see the ! ahead of you and think "ha! there is a wall between me and it" and then find it is currently flying over that wall, and is now on you. D.VA main here. They are adapting. If anything it just clears the point for my team. I don't get kills cause the majority of folks scatter like rats. Still useful just no points. Zarya main here, pair up with one of us and you'll wipe whole teams when we combine our ultimates :D Zarya could combine her ultimate with quite a few other ultimates. Pharrah, for one I love dropping a Zarya ult into a Mei ult, then watching any other damage dealing team member getting those phat mops (cleaning up) Ouch. I play shittons of Zarya these days (damn you Mercy nerf!) and the amount of D.Vas that absolutely refuse to communicate when they're about to ult... it makes me sad. Usually the voice chat goes like this: "Zarya ult is ready, if someone wants to combo, tell me so we can set it up!" silence "Okay D.Va, I see you have ult, wanna tell me when you use it so we can combo?" silence ...and then D.Va just uses her ult whenever she wants and gets no kills. Fine, I'll just try to see the future and see if I can Graviton Surge where you seem to be aiming your ult ಠ~ಠ TBH, I thought this was a post about a Democrat from Virginia. I'm usually right next to on the objective because my team are kill whores... Play More Zarya. Dva ults, and most other ults, just become your best friends for gathering charge. That's why you play Zarya. D.Va and Junkrat ults are so easy to absorb. I love absorbing all that sweet sweet damage with a barrier. Now if my barrier is on the CD that's another story. I'm not very good with her. Is she considered "good" in the meta game? I'm not super competitive, but after the patch that adjusted her shield and Ult, I think she is much improved. To the point where she's dominating quickplay if there is more than one of her. Comp, yeah she's fine. There's the single hero limit. Quickplay.. oh boy.. Multiple D.Va's are a pure nightmare. I expect there might be some balance changes in the future. Hah, when I can get my 6 stack together we always run full D.Va. Chaining ults on the point to keep it clear will never not be funny. Funniest ult chain is junkrats wheel. Ever seen 6 of them coming for you? It's fucking terrifying "Now 6 Winston's, that's strategically sound but 6 junkrat's?" "Fire in the hole" I was able to get a round with 3 other bastions and 2 healers the other day on rio as defense. They weren't able to get out on the truck and move it since we just bullet hosed them as they stepped out the doors. Even 2 bastions are pure cancer especially when they can cover each other. It was fun to have that happen, but it would get old fast even as defense. We got our karma on the next round though when they were defending the same map and they had us pinned just about as well with a bunch of firepower focused on the spawn doors. IIRC it was a bunch of attack and deffense characters staying in motion so you couldn't just pop out a couple times to kill them like you could with a Bastion. Those were some fun rounds and good teams. Yes she's a very competitive pick at high ranks. In pro play she's still somewhat niche but the tank roster is overall very balanced from a competitive standpoint. Plus she's cute. What, roadhog isnt? Roadhog is sexy af Pretty good off/secondary tank. I usually stick to zarya though. Yeah, Zarya is the most offensive tank with a weapon that kills other tanks and a shield that makes said weapon stronger. She has 8-second vulnerabilities, though. So her strength is largely in the trigger discipline of her enemies and the cooperation of good teammates. She isn't a good solo tank, because reinhardt is better at blocking, not a hard flanker because Winston is more mobile, and doesn't deal nearly as much damage as Roadhog or a good Zarya, but she is a GREAT off-tank. Her defense matrix can easily fill in for a downed Reinhardt shield in a pinch and can shut down ults like mcrees or pharahs. Her boosters can catch fleeing enemies, allow her to retreat or attempt to flank snipers. Her ult is good area denial too. With a second tank there to help catch flak she is great. Lately I've been ruining the game for Soldiers/Mccrees/Pharahs/Roadhogs by stealing their ults with my defense matrix. It feels so good, but I could only imagine being on the other end. Tbh all those guys are so easy to waste ults. Winston, Reinhardt, DVA, Roadhog, Widowmaker, Mcree, Mei, Ana, and Hanzo call all either block, stun, or OHKO, soldier/mcree/pharah and mcree, roadhog, Ana can shut down roadhog. Its crazy. You don't play her as a tank. You use her for her mobility and 2 lives to annoy the hell out of people. I have the most luck with D.Va and Zarya when to comes to being a balanced offense/defensive tank. Reinhardt is best for me for defensive She disrupts teams that can actually work together. Try charging in with her and pray your team does something with it. The charge knocks enemies around and damages them. Then just keep drawing fire with your shield while your teammates finish them off. You're going to lose the mech this way but hey your teammates should have picked off 1-2 of them right? RIGHT? She's become a great tank after her recent buff, yeah. For those who didn't see the original https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/202wd3/i_participated_in_one_of_the_biggest_magic_the/ I've seen this a dozen times, and it has made me giggle with every single viewing Funniest part is he got banned from MTG I think as a result. one or two years ago the ban was lift thou it was never lifted, it was an 18 month ban from all tournaments and he served the full length of that ban and it finished a few months ago That's fucking hilarious. 18 month MTG ban for taking pictures of peoples' asscracks. What's the fine for cameltoe pics? What's the fine for cameltoe pics? It's a MTG convention... Yeah they're called moose knuckles there. When mirrodin first came out I went to the pre release at a local hotel, 3 days of tournaments and you got to keep/win a lot of cards. I was about 15, this super fucking hot chick came in and I just about broke my neck. The guys I was sitting with started laughing and asked if I wanted to meet her. Of course I said yes, well she comes over and had a voice so deep I thought it was James earl jones. Come to find out she was actually a transvestite, I never went to mtg related events ever again. Well did you hit? With bosh yes, I sacd all my artifacts. I bet you're one of those guys who would turn down a million dollars rather than suck a dick. I learned from that welsh guy who built a very good bridge and helped his community, instead of remembering him for that he's remembered for fucking one sheep. With men we call it a moose knuckle. Actual moose knuckle Chris Christie's moose knuckle And blue they shall stay. On this, the lord's day of August 14th, 2016, the links stayed blue Chris Christie's moose knuckle No thank you. That image will... haunt me. Where the fuck is that dude's penis? I think the lump on the right might be it, but I can't say with any certainty at all. That's either a testicle or a ferocious vagina trying to eat it's way to freedom. So mooseknuckle? i was gonna laugh but its not a joke or anything so 18 months. We actually know this because someone was taking pictures of cosplayers and making fun of them on Twitter at a large tournament. Banned. What's the fine for cameltoe pics? I believe it´s more like a reward. Finding a Black Lotus on the tournament floor would be easier than taking a cameltoe pic at a MTG tournament Funniest part was that a post on /r/funny was actually funny. The MTG community is becoming super sensitive. Owen Turtenwald, probably the best player in the world, is disliked by many simply because he is frequently curt. That's it. He speaks plainly and honestly and doesn't pander to people with silly puns and over-the-top niceties like other MTG pros, so they dislike him. These people are becoming/already are the majority, so Wizards of the Coast bend over backwards to appease them. [deleted] Yeah, it always cracks me up too. I laugh my ass off every time. Buttholes Threads over boys, go home. We pulling an r/thanksobama? /r/gaming is closing because /u/mynameiszack said buttholes fissure. Ok. Rap album cover version He looks like a fat Jon Snow. Sam Tarly x Jon Snow The love child we deserve Dinner is coming. Fat Jon Snow is a legend. The King of Cracks!! Reddit post #2 of all time, under that rice guy. Really? Reddit shows me as number 4. http://imgur.com/a/XB4GG skylarmt linked the top of his subscriptions (or the subscriptions of whoever clicks the link), you're correct that it's #4 of all posts. i never realized just how many upvotes that bill wurtz video actually got until now. #5 overall, that's wacky What blows my mind is that of all 25 on the top page, only 2 are older than 1 year! I'm here for 3 years now, I've seen 23 of those 25 post happen life. Not to mention events like the fattening that I also witnessed and aren't shown there. I basically lived through most of Reddits interesting stuff. TIL that going to top>all time still limits to subs you're... subbed too. Post #1 and #2 are not from default subreddits (and have thousands of upvotes more as well), check /r/all for the complete top posts list. /r/all/top EDIT: and #2 is my favorite "top post" He looks like fat Jon Snow. I suspect given his weight that he's plumbed a few people in his time too. Holy shit, how am I just now seeing this? I'm still laughing This guy's pretty funny. I asked him one day if he still does it. He said "I don't pray anymore. " I'm still amazed he was banned from the event for doing that and then unbanned just from the roar of the internet. [deleted] We didn't, reddit oh, 18 months go by faster than I think... He was unbanned? The ban was never permanent. It was only an 18 month suspension. It always amuses me that one fatass Magic player felt the need to humiliate a ton of other fatass Magic players on the Internet... and then reddit being reddit a bullying post made it to the #3 most upvoted post of all time. And just yesterday one of the top posts on /r/all was all about how schools turn a blind eye to bullying... loool. Never felt like an "LOL they're fat" thing just that they lacked the ability to not show their collective ass cracks to the world. More like public shaming for being gross than bullying to me. Yeah, your ass hanging out is an easily solved problem. Loose fitting cargo shorts and a tshirt that's too small for your chunky body. At least wear underwear. Yeah, never was about being fat. It was about improper hygiene and care towards one's personal self. I do struggle to understand how people find this funny. What's so humorous about a guy taking pictures of people's ass-cracks? That's exactly how I always imagined a Magic the Gathering gathering would look like. Sometimes stereotypes exist for a reason. Is that a chubby Chris Pratt? Goodness. It's so weird to play overwatch and then come across pictures like this. 10/10 GG pls dont nerf Look what you started! I knew I would find you in the comments somewhere. Seeing as how this is the top post on r/all right now which refers to me I'd say that that was a pretty safe bet. Thankyou for your service. Heroes never die Too late for the nerf...she has been banned from cosplay conventions for the next 18 months. This the op from that post. Is that really you, buttcrack wizard dude Someone should photoshop you over the cosplayer, making it so you are viewing your own crack. She's doing it wrong. It looks like a prayer, it's supposed to be a look of profound contemplation. Tearless.. :'/ He does both in the original. http://i.imgur.com/xhhiSYi.jpg Unless you're more referring to the expression... But that's kind of unfair nitpicking. I think what you're getting at is a lot simpler than that. Shes supposed to be looking directly at the camera. Oh, is that what the original was supposed to be? I always thought it was some sort of "and here is our deity, the buttcrack, let us worship" type thing. Whenever the original dude is making the prayer hands, I think those are the funniest. Also he's got this like, sweetness to his eyes that pushes the comedy over the top. I don't understand why people struggle with ass crack exposure. Is it ill fitting pants? Many of these subjects in the gilded post are overweight, is that a cause? Shirts that are too small? What is the god damn problem?! Edit: My chubby buddies reporting back. My apologies, I didn't know it was such a nightmare for you all. Now I feel like the ass crack. Fat people have bellies that usually make it impossible to wear pants at their actual waistline, forcing them to wear them under the belly, thus leaving less pant to cover the crack. Can confirm, am fat. Ever consider wearing suspenders? God's gift to the fat guy. But you can't wear them in most casual situations. cries tears over pizza Not with that attitude. Just be a hipster and wear plaid shirts. Suspenders always go with that. Also the fullest beard you can grow. And brush up on your Unix tips. Dye your hair white. Start writing a series of books. Mercilessly kill all of the characters. And at that point you should just wear flannel and go full Lumberjack Get American flag suspenders and DARE anyone to tell you that wearing them is wrong. But it is wrong. It breaks the US flag code. What about if wear them under your shirt? Like over an undershirt, maybe. Can you not do that? Every day is business day... That's why you gotta learn the chub and tuck. I'm skinny and I struggle with it. I don't have hips or an ass to hold my pants up! A belt only does so much! Thats a belts only purpose. "Can confirm, am fat." Fucking hilarious. Don't you realize that your ass is hanging out n pull it up? Look up extra length t-shirts. Shirt isn't large/long enough. Can confirm, am a bigger guy and wear long shirts. (Sometimes it's from pants being too small as well.) I am unable to get pants that go both over my butt and around my waist properly, even back when I was slim. Pants just aren't made for men with long and large butts. My pair from old Navy have to be pulled up high to go over my butt crack, but then split my testicles in two. Yeah I'm a skinny tall guy with a big round butt. The problem is that most modern cut/slim fitting jeans are actually made to sit low, below the waist, in the first place; so if they are sitting properly in the front they aren't even close to making it around my J Lo sized butt. Long shirts are a must, but again being tall and skinny makes it tough to find properly fitting shirts as I need a medium for a modern fit, and they usually aren't long enough. Luckily, they make extra long undershirts so at worst I'm exposing some backside undershirt and never crack. Though in OPs photo this is not the case, that is just a fat guy in a little shirt. I just want to know how it goes unnoticed for so long. I've got a gut on me and am aware of the epidemic. Whenever I sit down I adjust pants and shirt because I don't want to end up on the front page of reddit. How do these guys not at least feel a breeze? If you notice most aren't wearing belts. I'm a fat guy myself but sometimes even with a belt it happens. I have a very long ass crack, dead serious Anyone know the cosplayer's name? Edit - I may have found her, even though I don't see OP's picture there. I found the Instagram by looking at Imgur after trying to find the album where the pic was posted. Found this profile, which led me to Instagram. Edit 2 - It looks like the D.Va pic was added in the time since I posted. Yup, found her. Richard Lundgren. Richard Lundgren I just imagined Richard Lundgren on the phone saying: "Dolph! Dolph, it's Richard. Your cousin, Richard Lundgren. You know that new cosplay you're looking for? Well, look at this!" I'm sorry, it sounded hilarious in my head. Damn nice investigating. God's speed. Glad to see Miranda Cosgrove still having fun Her eyes look dead. Then she is staying faithful to the original post. she is a pro gamer, so she probably did play some mobas and as we all know, mobas have the most unbiased and welcoming communities on earth man, dunkey was right about league Dunkey was part of the problem. He was banned for being part of the problem. He quit because he's a manchild who couldn't handle that he was punished for being a shithead and actively making the game a worse place for other players on a regular basis. [removed] Before you downvote, this is what Dunkey typed to get banned I dont think people got the joke with that one. Lol I agree. He is funny, but his lack of self awareness when got banned was a bit much. Unless he wasn't being serious and he was just trying to make a quitting video for the views, then the joke's on me. his lack of self awareness when got banned was a bit much. Unless he wasn't being serious "you are a fucking worthless brainded scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are" - Dunkey I don't know man... Who's Dunkey? I probably could go do a Google search, but that's going to throw waaaay too much information at me. I'm hoping someone has a succinct method of telling the story. YouTuber, used to do a lot of LoL videos, now he does games in general, beat Sky in Smash once. He makes popular videos, used to be about lol but then he got banned. i agree with you that he did act like a dickhead, but he's literally doing what everyone else is doing. If riot was actually dedicated to stopping toxicity in their community, they would put an actual system that rewards players for being nice rather than allowing players a limited number of recommendations to give out to friendly people and an unlimited number of chances to report them too. They've been "making examples" out of popular celebrities by banning a few of them personally because of their behavior, to make it looks like they're actively fixing the problem. The problem with this is, you're basically saying "It doesn't matter who does this type of behavior, we'll ban anyone that does something like this." It's very noble and a good idea, but you have to actually follow through with what you've said. It's like when China banned lady gaga from entering their country ever again because they visited the dalai lama. There are probably a shit ton of people in that country that have done the same, but china only cares about looking tough. And another thing, dunkey has been through that rodeo of being treated like shit multiple times before. He's been partnered with machinima, who screwed his channel up good, polaris, who straight up lied to his face about paying his machinima contract fees, youtube screwed him over multiple times, and so on. He just had enough and quit. And besides all that, his next video had a joke of him making fun of himself on how he quit league. so, spaghetti and meatballs. TLDR; NOT EVEN CLOSE BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY I loved his vids but it is really hard to get even a chat ban in that game IMO He was part of that problem too. then why not look at the camera like the original post did? Because some people apparently thought he was praying and completely missed the joke of his contemplative gaze into our souls I play video games and I'm dead inside. It's an accurate cosplay of a pro gamer. It's was like 100+ degrees outside Popular video game + female cosplay + neckbeard butt crack + meme reference = perfect storm of Reddit karma. Popular video game + female cosplay + neckbeard butt crack + meme reference = perfect storm of Reddit karma. To be fair the original had ~38,000 points probably more since it decays. Devout supplication to the hairy, man ass. Whoa, that's crazy. If this is Baltimore, I'm pretty sure this is the one random person I took a picture of. I wasn't even there for the cosplay thing, I was just driving through and took a picture of the first cosplayer I saw. Edit: Picture I took. I thought it was from this weekend at Otakon at BCC too. It looks like the balcony thing where they do photoshoots. You are correct, it is. Saw it in the Otakon group earlier today. Can confirm, was Otakon at Baltimore, crossed paths with this girl many times. Now with 100% more booty That guy got banned from future grand prixs iirc He received an 18 moth suspension which has since expired. 18 moth Could he still do butterflies in the meantime? I mean if he's into that sort of thing why not. Yes, but the best he could hope for is 2nd place Fact of the day, the plural of Grand Prix is Grand Prix. And he got banned from all sanctioned Magic, from FNM/prerelease up to the Pro Tour, had he been qualified. Pink lipstick?? Everybody knows it's supposed to be Doritos stains. what does this have to do with gaming? Well, the character is from a popular game (Overwatch), and the original post comes from a Magic the Gathering tournament, which I'm not sure is included in this subreddit This is the most upvoted post on /r/funny https://m.imgur.com/a/SjcgE This girl is really pretty. Personally I'd stick my finger in her butthole So brave is her butthole dangerous or something? r/nocontext (◉_◉;） When you nerf this but /r/SheStillSucking... (NSFW) TIL I want her finger in my butthole. I'd even stick my butthole in her finger I'd snot rocket on her tits We all would. That's disgusting. I'd hate to have my finger touch something that so many other peoples' dirty fingers have touched. Who is this chick? I've never heard of her She's a character in a video game calls D.va. Her story is she's is a 19 year old professional start craft player in Korea, when her government gave her a mech suit to find a robot invasion This is a ridiculous plot, I like it. That's the spirit Food for thought, are pictures like this really that different from upskirt photos? Hmm... Well in up skirt the "photographer" has to go out of there way to get the shot, where in Crack shots the "victim" is shamed for lack of consideration of social norms Nothin says awesome like a hot chick praying to your butt crack Woo Otakon! Indeed /u/OB1FBM I've partied with this guy a many. He's a really nice dude and a can spit some sick rap. I had two videos on my phone of him rapping at a house party we threw. Fresh Breeze Movement for life! Columbus represent! You'd think someone would tell the dude to pull up his pants, this is now the universal plumber crack signal. Am I supposed to know who D.Va is, a cosplayer I'm guessing? No, D.va is a fictional character, it is who the lady is dressed up as, D.va is from Overwatch Now reverse the gender and you have a crime. Wait what is D.va? Or who is it so do they just sell D.Va suits now? I've seen so many of these things that it seems impossible that these people all make them themselves I feel like I've seen 50 different girls wearing this exact same bodysuit. Is Blizzard selling it in their store or something? I dont know if im up to date or just not gamer enough but this sub can be down right fn weird at times. I still can't believe some fat dude posing with asscrack is so great to you guys... [deleted] thicc af I'd do her. I see no scientist asking for her name. What happened to science? Who is that girl? Forget the crack. Who's the girl? She is cute! The crack of Don. Hey, it's roadhog! Should have been Tracer. Don't worry love. Crack shaming is wrong. could we perhaps stop photographing people in public to humiliate them That guy probably couldn't recognize himself. Spin the camera angle. Enhance. Focus on the reflection of the cup. ID him. Jesus Christ its Jason Bourne. and if he does? He will pull his pants up? Incoming victory pose. Kinda /R/Cringe material. I love Overwatch. I even expected it to be a hit. I did not expect what is happening though. Fastest selling PC game of all time? 15 million plus players? Beating League of Legends in KOREA! Korea for Christs sake! And then every other day, there's some top post about it here on reddit, months after release. Wow if the game had a dick, how deep would you say it would be in your mouth? Slightly peaking out the ass I think it's starting second lap already. You mean throat. You mean esophagus You mean stomach When her stomach acids burn you /r/bigdickproblems Don't worry. Nobody is going to beat your record. Your comment could apply to any of the 3 million blizzard white knight fanboys in reddit I'd personally have Overwatch's dick in my mouth 24/7. This is one of those advertisement posts they were talking about. Fucking settle the fuck down, Blizzard marketing guy. It's because blizzard made it, no blizzard games have ever done badly and all become pretty much part of game culture. Everyone knows about wow, diablo has huge fanbase, starcraft is still referenced "you must construct additional pylons, zerg rush etc". Same with Bethesda games, Overwatch wasnt gonna be different. Heroes of the storm begs to differ. well its an amalgamation of all the IPs thrown into a genre that other games do better, so nothing really unique about it to remember Fuck Heroes of the Storm, and Fuck Overwatch for being the primary reason for why I say fuck Heroes of the storm. The game was fun until blizzard fucked the game up with dumb Overwatch heroes that completely destroyed the game for a lot of people. What do you mean by the last part? Didn't they only add tracer and a widowmaker skin? Well, it's not doing terribly. It just hasn't taken off like hotcakes. Growing up, the 'Blizzard' title was the only one i would look out for. And that was in the 90s. Remember when everyone said that the only thing that could beat WoW's numbers would be another Blizzard game and people dismissed the idea? Fast forward to 2016 and... Pokemon is all over the top posts though. Well yeah. It's Pokemon! It didn't beat League of legends (maybe in the launch) but atm lol is far a head. What you are refering to is net cafes... net cafes don't make even an 5% of the player base in Korea or anywhere else. No, it's still beating League. https://pvplive.net/c/overwatch-becomes-the-fastest-selling-pc-game-of-a " On the back of all of the news with various top esports teams picking up top Overwatch players, and the Overwatch World Cup being announced, comes news that Overwatch now has over 15 million players globally. Industry analyst Daniel Ahmad reports the following about Overwatch's success: This makes it the fastest selling PC game of all time, surpassing the previous record holder, Blizzard's own Diablo III. And about those numbers in Korean PC bangs? They're still beating League of Legends by a sizable margin (and growing). " Read the entire article and still don't beat lol, lol had around 32 million player base in 2014 before the servers of Brasil/LAS/LAN/Africa/South Africa/Japan. http://majorleagueoflegends.s3.amazonaws.com/lol_infographic.png Net cafes means less than 5% of the player base... We're not talking about overall players, we're talking about people actively playing. Concurrent users. I guess its OK to body shame - as long as its a man you are body shaming. LOL reddit is full of fucking hypocrites Edit: now here come the down votes to hide the truth. Doubling down on the hypocrisy. This just in: all of Reddit is a single person. Nah, I think it's fine to body shame everyone equally. So when I hear cosplayers complain about creep shots, I will show them this one. I am sure she got permission to take this picture? Reddit loves body shaming people No cracks required! She isn't looking into the camera 😣 In all my days as a wearer of pants/shorts, I've never understood how this happens. If the man was Chris Pratt, the woman was Jennifer Lawrence, and a reflection of Harambe out in the street hugging Neil Degrasse Tyson were in the picture this would probably become the new most upvoted post. but shes white cosplaying as a korean character.. SJW's unite and RIOT!!! /S why is this still a thing, you are literally just making fun of other peoples insecurities. If these weren't fat men the internet would be outraged about this kind of joke, but for some reason that makes it ok. Didn't the guy get banned from magic tournaments for doing this? and still people don't see anything wrong with what he was doing? why is this still a thing, you are literally just making fun of other peoples insecurities. It might create some insecurities but it's not mocking any right now. If these weren't fat men the internet would be outraged about this kind of joke, but for some reason that makes it ok. This is true. Show pictures of women's buttcracks would be seen as creepy and no one cares if you mock a fat guy. Didn't the guy get banned from magic tournaments for doing this? 18 month suspension and he was apparently a tournament organizer for his store. That probably screwed him harder than just a tamp ban. and still people don't see anything wrong with what he was doing? He wasn't doing anything wrong. He didn't show anyone's faces. No one wants to see dudes buttcracks. I play magic, and am a big white dude with a beard. I could probably cosplay as this guy with little effort. I always have a hoodie with me to hang over the bad of my chair so no one see my buttcrack. I wish more people would do the same thing. He was bringing awareness to a minor inconvenience that is easily solved but because it got popular Wizards decided to take action as it was bad PR. If he had shown their faces or used their names then I would agree that he was harassing people. If my buttcrack was online I would be just embarassed enough to bring a hoodie but not enough to want him banned. Other people insecurities? They just need better belts. The haters are just jealous cause they lack the crack. If it weren't "fat guys", people would be upset?! No they wouldn't be, them being fat has nothing to do with it. Pull up your pants. Getting reaaaaaal sick of D.Va cosplays. Especially ones like this where it's just the same skintight suit Especially ones like this where it's just the same skintight suit Do you even know what D. Va wears? It's either this, or these girls need to start building mechs to cosplay in. Somehow, I don't think that's very affordable. I'll need to see more to know if I am sick of it. This sucks So jealous I didn't get to go to Otakon this year😢 Aye! I was at this con! Otakon 2016!! I want Doritos for some reason... Oh Otakon... /r/Slavs_squatting Mmmm spandex I see you back there, RWBY It's not even a typo. He posted the same title in the overwatch subreddit. https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/4xp675/dva_giving_tributing_to_one_of_reddits_most/ /u/IBleeedorange pls He probably just copy-pasted. As is tradition. As is tradition. Are you fuc. fucc succ Doot Good work Reddit. Great commentary. Thank Mr. Skeltal 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺📯 Noot Tee BERSERKER! As is tradition Amen It's u/IBleeedorange, of course that's what he did. Or did he..... creepy pastad copying pasting CTRLV Controling pasting crappy potised Mmmmm. Creepy pasta. u/ibleeedorange is a chronic shitposter. It is known. It is known. tbf so is rooonaldooo99 Roonaldooooo99 -EdGaR iBleeeeedorange ThatsMyHoverboard Skidmark_Wahlburg Gallowboob dick-nipples Donald_Keyman SlimJones123 Easily over 25m karma between these people If you add me to that list it will still be over 25m Karma. Math checks out Looks like the shit version of Suicide Squad. So... Just the regular Suicide Squad, then? Haha, yes that it is How can you forget r/gaming legend ifaptoyoueverynight? Bausse Ssshh my shitposting is nowhere near as good as those people Believe in yourself Shitpost, /u/bausse, shitpost! I don't get Gallowboob, he's an actual person. And has this to a science. Shitposting. Was that proof of that pic really him I just have them all ignored, removes 90% of karma-whoring reposts and pandering comments. You can't deny it now. Some say it is written Looking at his profile. Oh god, he might embody everything wrong with reddit... -_-' /shillmodeengaged ibleedorange is actually really good at being involved in most of the communities he's engaged in (I mostly see it in the Blizzard game subs, of which he's a mod of at least two). Of the shitposters, he's one of the few good ones. Also in his defense, I've never had an issue with him in /r/CFB. He's genuinely active and engaged there. I tend to dislike when accounts go for the pandering title but, typo aside, this one is pretty accurate. It's a shit title anyway. I have a typo in my RES tag for him. He is known as shitposer and I'm not changing it. idk, /u/ibleeedorange posts a ton of content, a lot of it is amusing, and I'm pretty sure I've heard them say they try to avoid reposts. I like 'em. [deleted] [deleted] I've heard them say they try to avoid reposts. Correct, I run everything through karmadecay.com and/or through a reverse image search of reddit from google. I think people just have an instinctual negative reaction to seeing the same name under a lot of front page content, but to me, that shows you must be doing something right, so keep on keeping on! I don't mind your post because usually they are very good, but I need to ask why? What is your motivation to be so active? So say we all. Not to mention the obviously staged through the glass photo is now a thing. Yeah but he has all the karma so not like it even matters. He copied it from the girl in the pic own imgr less than 10hrs after she posted it http://imgur.com/gallery/HRnTV It's what happens when you don't care what you're posting about, just that you're posting as much as possible. It's clear he, and everyone involved in cosplay and overwatch fandom are fucking morons. Jesus. The post got torn to shreds over there. Ah, shit. You done goofed OP. So can I start the angry mob now? Or do we have to wait for him to fuck up again? u/pitchforkemporium Can I get torches there too? There's a Costco sized mix and match deal. 2 torches 1 fork, and a few lengths of rope for the hanging. Burlap bags sold separately. 2 torches and 1 fork? But I only have 2 hands! Bring a friend. An angry mob generally requires more than one person. Na, you get them here: r/torchem Bro, when are you gonna give that up? Never Perfect, I love this place. Thanks. /u/torchforkemporium ----E~~~~~ This one smokes... (I should probably send it back. I didn't get it from the official u/PitchforkEmporium) I'll take three, one for each cheek in the photo and one for op This guy fucks. You know, I've actually been known to fuck myself People tell me to do this to myself quite a bit. P Ok I've got my pitchfork... wait, why is everyone talking about... ugh I'm too late. Instructions unclear, pitchfork stuck in penis. Well aren't there some offs you should be fucking then? The haters. He fucked up twice. GET THE MOB! Please begin. But it makes the title unique and artsy... Consequences, will never be the same! Fun facts: The dad is dead and the chick is now a dude. ...Huh. He'll repost it in a month with a fixed title, it's all good. I can't believe you've done this. Ah fuck https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X6VoFBCE9k Shut it down. Shut it all down. Come on man, you'd think 8 million post karma would fix these kind of mistakes :^) 7.5 million link karma and you pull a novice move like this?! For shame, Orange, for shame! Or, he knows how anal retentive Reddit is about typos, and uses this to his advantage to get all of us here to "call him out" and add more publicity to his threads. Hook, Line, Sinker. Like this? happens to us all You had one job Your good posts with good titles are far too rare for the sheer amount you post to reddit You fucked up big league. Or should I say fucked uped big league. Twice I read it as tribute and didnt even notice. :X He is betrayal. Reddit top demographics is non native english speaker. r/titlegore Don't know why, but I found that 3 word sentence too funny pls no famerino They are to be giving shitposting 8 mil karma He probably just copy-pasted. As is tradition. As is tradition. Are you fuc. fucc succ Doot Good work Reddit. Great commentary. Thank Mr. Skeltal 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺📯 Noot Tee BERSERKER! As is tradition Amen It's u/IBleeedorange, of course that's what he did. Or did he..... creepy pastad copying pasting CTRLV Controling pasting crappy potised Mmmmm. Creepy pasta. u/ibleeedorange is a chronic shitposter. It is known. It is known. tbf so is rooonaldooo99 Roonaldooooo99 -EdGaR iBleeeeedorange ThatsMyHoverboard Skidmark_Wahlburg Gallowboob dick-nipples Donald_Keyman SlimJones123 Easily over 25m karma between these people If you add me to that list it will still be over 25m Karma. Math checks out Looks like the shit version of Suicide Squad. So... Just the regular Suicide Squad, then? Haha, yes that it is How can you forget r/gaming legend ifaptoyoueverynight? Bausse Ssshh my shitposting is nowhere near as good as those people Believe in yourself Shitpost, /u/bausse, shitpost! I don't get Gallowboob, he's an actual person. And has this to a science. Shitposting. Was that proof of that pic really him I just have them all ignored, removes 90% of karma-whoring reposts and pandering comments. You can't deny it now. Some say it is written Looking at his profile. Oh god, he might embody everything wrong with reddit... -_-' /shillmodeengaged ibleedorange is actually really good at being involved in most of the communities he's engaged in (I mostly see it in the Blizzard game subs, of which he's a mod of at least two). Of the shitposters, he's one of the few good ones. Also in his defense, I've never had an issue with him in /r/CFB. He's genuinely active and engaged there. I tend to dislike when accounts go for the pandering title but, typo aside, this one is pretty accurate. It's a shit title anyway. I have a typo in my RES tag for him. He is known as shitposer and I'm not changing it. idk, /u/ibleeedorange posts a ton of content, a lot of it is amusing, and I'm pretty sure I've heard them say they try to avoid reposts. I like 'em. [deleted] [deleted] I've heard them say they try to avoid reposts. Correct, I run everything through karmadecay.com and/or through a reverse image search of reddit from google. I think people just have an instinctual negative reaction to seeing the same name under a lot of front page content, but to me, that shows you must be doing something right, so keep on keeping on! I don't mind your post because usually they are very good, but I need to ask why? What is your motivation to be so active? So say we all. Not to mention the obviously staged through the glass photo is now a thing. Yeah but he has all the karma so not like it even matters. He copied it from the girl in the pic own imgr less than 10hrs after she posted it http://imgur.com/gallery/HRnTV It's what happens when you don't care what you're posting about, just that you're posting as much as possible. It's clear he, and everyone involved in cosplay and overwatch fandom are fucking morons. Jesus. The post got torn to shreds over there. As is tradition. As is tradition. Are you fuc. fucc succ Doot Good work Reddit. Great commentary. Thank Mr. Skeltal 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺📯 Noot Tee BERSERKER! As is tradition Amen It's u/IBleeedorange, of course that's what he did. Or did he..... creepy pastad copying pasting CTRLV Controling pasting crappy potised Mmmmm. Creepy pasta. As is tradition. Are you fuc. fucc succ Doot Good work Reddit. Great commentary. Thank Mr. Skeltal 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺📯 Noot Tee BERSERKER! As is tradition Amen Are you fuc. fucc succ Doot Good work Reddit. Great commentary. Thank Mr. Skeltal 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺📯 Noot Tee BERSERKER! As is tradition fucc succ Doot Good work Reddit. Great commentary. Thank Mr. Skeltal 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺📯 Noot Tee BERSERKER! succ Doot Good work Reddit. Great commentary. Thank Mr. Skeltal 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺📯 Noot Tee Doot Good work Reddit. Great commentary. Thank Mr. Skeltal 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺📯 Noot Tee Good work Reddit. Great commentary. Thank Mr. Skeltal 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺📯 Noot Tee copying pasting CTRLV Controling pasting crappy potised Mmmmm. Creepy pasta. CTRLV Controling pasting Controling pasting It is known. tbf so is rooonaldooo99 Roonaldooooo99 -EdGaR iBleeeeedorange ThatsMyHoverboard Skidmark_Wahlburg Gallowboob dick-nipples Donald_Keyman SlimJones123 Easily over 25m karma between these people If you add me to that list it will still be over 25m Karma. Math checks out Looks like the shit version of Suicide Squad. So... Just the regular Suicide Squad, then? Haha, yes that it is How can you forget r/gaming legend ifaptoyoueverynight? Bausse Ssshh my shitposting is nowhere near as good as those people Believe in yourself Shitpost, /u/bausse, shitpost! I don't get Gallowboob, he's an actual person. And has this to a science. Shitposting. Was that proof of that pic really him I just have them all ignored, removes 90% of karma-whoring reposts and pandering comments. You can't deny it now. Some say it is written Looking at his profile. Oh god, he might embody everything wrong with reddit... -_-' /shillmodeengaged ibleedorange is actually really good at being involved in most of the communities he's engaged in (I mostly see it in the Blizzard game subs, of which he's a mod of at least two). Of the shitposters, he's one of the few good ones. Also in his defense, I've never had an issue with him in /r/CFB. He's genuinely active and engaged there. I tend to dislike when accounts go for the pandering title but, typo aside, this one is pretty accurate. It's a shit title anyway. I have a typo in my RES tag for him. He is known as shitposer and I'm not changing it. idk, /u/ibleeedorange posts a ton of content, a lot of it is amusing, and I'm pretty sure I've heard them say they try to avoid reposts. I like 'em. [deleted] [deleted] I've heard them say they try to avoid reposts. Correct, I run everything through karmadecay.com and/or through a reverse image search of reddit from google. I think people just have an instinctual negative reaction to seeing the same name under a lot of front page content, but to me, that shows you must be doing something right, so keep on keeping on! I don't mind your post because usually they are very good, but I need to ask why? What is your motivation to be so active? So say we all. Not to mention the obviously staged through the glass photo is now a thing. Yeah but he has all the karma so not like it even matters. tbf so is rooonaldooo99 Roonaldooooo99 -EdGaR iBleeeeedorange ThatsMyHoverboard Skidmark_Wahlburg Gallowboob dick-nipples Donald_Keyman SlimJones123 Easily over 25m karma between these people If you add me to that list it will still be over 25m Karma. Math checks out Looks like the shit version of Suicide Squad. So... Just the regular Suicide Squad, then? Haha, yes that it is How can you forget r/gaming legend ifaptoyoueverynight? Bausse Ssshh my shitposting is nowhere near as good as those people Believe in yourself Shitpost, /u/bausse, shitpost! I don't get Gallowboob, he's an actual person. And has this to a science. Shitposting. Was that proof of that pic really him I just have them all ignored, removes 90% of karma-whoring reposts and pandering comments. You can't deny it now. Some say it is written Roonaldooooo99 -EdGaR iBleeeeedorange ThatsMyHoverboard Skidmark_Wahlburg Gallowboob dick-nipples Donald_Keyman SlimJones123 Easily over 25m karma between these people If you add me to that list it will still be over 25m Karma. Math checks out Looks like the shit version of Suicide Squad. So... Just the regular Suicide Squad, then? Haha, yes that it is How can you forget r/gaming legend ifaptoyoueverynight? Bausse Ssshh my shitposting is nowhere near as good as those people Believe in yourself Shitpost, /u/bausse, shitpost! I don't get Gallowboob, he's an actual person. And has this to a science. Shitposting. Was that proof of that pic really him I just have them all ignored, removes 90% of karma-whoring reposts and pandering comments. If you add me to that list it will still be over 25m Karma. Math checks out Looks like the shit version of Suicide Squad. So... Just the regular Suicide Squad, then? Haha, yes that it is How can you forget r/gaming legend ifaptoyoueverynight? Bausse Ssshh my shitposting is nowhere near as good as those people Believe in yourself Shitpost, /u/bausse, shitpost! I don't get Gallowboob, he's an actual person. And has this to a science. Shitposting. Was that proof of that pic really him I just have them all ignored, removes 90% of karma-whoring reposts and pandering comments. Math checks out So... Just the regular Suicide Squad, then? Haha, yes that it is Haha, yes that it is Ssshh my shitposting is nowhere near as good as those people Believe in yourself Shitpost, /u/bausse, shitpost! Believe in yourself Shitpost, /u/bausse, shitpost! Shitpost, /u/bausse, shitpost! /shillmodeengaged ibleedorange is actually really good at being involved in most of the communities he's engaged in (I mostly see it in the Blizzard game subs, of which he's a mod of at least two). Of the shitposters, he's one of the few good ones. Also in his defense, I've never had an issue with him in /r/CFB. He's genuinely active and engaged there. I tend to dislike when accounts go for the pandering title but, typo aside, this one is pretty accurate. Also in his defense, I've never had an issue with him in /r/CFB. He's genuinely active and engaged there. I tend to dislike when accounts go for the pandering title but, typo aside, this one is pretty accurate. [deleted] [deleted] I've heard them say they try to avoid reposts. Correct, I run everything through karmadecay.com and/or through a reverse image search of reddit from google. I think people just have an instinctual negative reaction to seeing the same name under a lot of front page content, but to me, that shows you must be doing something right, so keep on keeping on! I don't mind your post because usually they are very good, but I need to ask why? What is your motivation to be so active? [deleted] I think people just have an instinctual negative reaction to seeing the same name under a lot of front page content, but to me, that shows you must be doing something right, so keep on keeping on! I don't mind your post because usually they are very good, but I need to ask why? What is your motivation to be so active? You done goofed OP. So can I start the angry mob now? Or do we have to wait for him to fuck up again? u/pitchforkemporium Can I get torches there too? There's a Costco sized mix and match deal. 2 torches 1 fork, and a few lengths of rope for the hanging. Burlap bags sold separately. 2 torches and 1 fork? But I only have 2 hands! Bring a friend. An angry mob generally requires more than one person. Na, you get them here: r/torchem Bro, when are you gonna give that up? Never Perfect, I love this place. Thanks. /u/torchforkemporium ----E~~~~~ This one smokes... (I should probably send it back. I didn't get it from the official u/PitchforkEmporium) I'll take three, one for each cheek in the photo and one for op This guy fucks. You know, I've actually been known to fuck myself People tell me to do this to myself quite a bit. P Ok I've got my pitchfork... wait, why is everyone talking about... ugh I'm too late. Instructions unclear, pitchfork stuck in penis. Well aren't there some offs you should be fucking then? The haters. He fucked up twice. GET THE MOB! Please begin. But it makes the title unique and artsy... Consequences, will never be the same! Fun facts: The dad is dead and the chick is now a dude. ...Huh. He'll repost it in a month with a fixed title, it's all good. I can't believe you've done this. Ah fuck https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X6VoFBCE9k Shut it down. Shut it all down. Come on man, you'd think 8 million post karma would fix these kind of mistakes :^) 7.5 million link karma and you pull a novice move like this?! For shame, Orange, for shame! Or, he knows how anal retentive Reddit is about typos, and uses this to his advantage to get all of us here to "call him out" and add more publicity to his threads. Hook, Line, Sinker. Like this? happens to us all You had one job Your good posts with good titles are far too rare for the sheer amount you post to reddit You fucked up big league. Or should I say fucked uped big league. Twice So can I start the angry mob now? Or do we have to wait for him to fuck up again? u/pitchforkemporium Can I get torches there too? There's a Costco sized mix and match deal. 2 torches 1 fork, and a few lengths of rope for the hanging. Burlap bags sold separately. 2 torches and 1 fork? But I only have 2 hands! Bring a friend. An angry mob generally requires more than one person. Na, you get them here: r/torchem Bro, when are you gonna give that up? Never Perfect, I love this place. Thanks. /u/torchforkemporium ----E~~~~~ This one smokes... (I should probably send it back. I didn't get it from the official u/PitchforkEmporium) I'll take three, one for each cheek in the photo and one for op This guy fucks. You know, I've actually been known to fuck myself People tell me to do this to myself quite a bit. P Ok I've got my pitchfork... wait, why is everyone talking about... ugh I'm too late. Instructions unclear, pitchfork stuck in penis. Well aren't there some offs you should be fucking then? The haters. He fucked up twice. GET THE MOB! Please begin. But it makes the title unique and artsy... Consequences, will never be the same! Fun facts: The dad is dead and the chick is now a dude. ...Huh. He'll repost it in a month with a fixed title, it's all good. u/pitchforkemporium Can I get torches there too? There's a Costco sized mix and match deal. 2 torches 1 fork, and a few lengths of rope for the hanging. Burlap bags sold separately. 2 torches and 1 fork? But I only have 2 hands! Bring a friend. An angry mob generally requires more than one person. Na, you get them here: r/torchem Bro, when are you gonna give that up? Never Perfect, I love this place. Thanks. /u/torchforkemporium ----E~~~~~ This one smokes... (I should probably send it back. I didn't get it from the official u/PitchforkEmporium) I'll take three, one for each cheek in the photo and one for op This guy fucks. You know, I've actually been known to fuck myself People tell me to do this to myself quite a bit. P Ok I've got my pitchfork... wait, why is everyone talking about... ugh I'm too late. Instructions unclear, pitchfork stuck in penis. Well aren't there some offs you should be fucking then? The haters. He fucked up twice. GET THE MOB! Please begin. But it makes the title unique and artsy... Can I get torches there too? There's a Costco sized mix and match deal. 2 torches 1 fork, and a few lengths of rope for the hanging. Burlap bags sold separately. 2 torches and 1 fork? But I only have 2 hands! Bring a friend. An angry mob generally requires more than one person. Na, you get them here: r/torchem Bro, when are you gonna give that up? Never Perfect, I love this place. Thanks. /u/torchforkemporium ----E~~~~~ This one smokes... (I should probably send it back. I didn't get it from the official u/PitchforkEmporium) I'll take three, one for each cheek in the photo and one for op There's a Costco sized mix and match deal. 2 torches 1 fork, and a few lengths of rope for the hanging. Burlap bags sold separately. 2 torches and 1 fork? But I only have 2 hands! Bring a friend. An angry mob generally requires more than one person. Na, you get them here: r/torchem Bro, when are you gonna give that up? Never Perfect, I love this place. Thanks. /u/torchforkemporium ----E~~~~~ This one smokes... (I should probably send it back. I didn't get it from the official u/PitchforkEmporium) 2 torches and 1 fork? But I only have 2 hands! Bring a friend. An angry mob generally requires more than one person. Bring a friend. An angry mob generally requires more than one person. Bro, when are you gonna give that up? Never Perfect, I love this place. Thanks. Never You know, I've actually been known to fuck myself People tell me to do this to myself quite a bit. P Ok I've got my pitchfork... wait, why is everyone talking about... ugh I'm too late. Instructions unclear, pitchfork stuck in penis. Well aren't there some offs you should be fucking then? The haters. People tell me to do this to myself quite a bit. P Ok I've got my pitchfork... wait, why is everyone talking about... ugh I'm too late. Instructions unclear, pitchfork stuck in penis. Well aren't there some offs you should be fucking then? Ok I've got my pitchfork... wait, why is everyone talking about... ugh I'm too late. Instructions unclear, pitchfork stuck in penis. Well aren't there some offs you should be fucking then? Instructions unclear, pitchfork stuck in penis. Well aren't there some offs you should be fucking then? Fun facts: The dad is dead and the chick is now a dude. ...Huh. ...Huh. Ah fuck https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X6VoFBCE9k Or, he knows how anal retentive Reddit is about typos, and uses this to his advantage to get all of us here to "call him out" and add more publicity to his threads. Hook, Line, Sinker. I'm not sure that's such a bad thing. I stopped going to sanctioned events (just pre-releases(fnaar) and Cube drafts) and it did me the world of good. I wouldn't say they were a toxic environment, but they're a great place in which to lose a piece of your humanity. Many years ago I got interested in Magic and went to a local card store that specialized primarily in Magic cards. I started talking to the owner and another employee about getting into Magic. They asked me what kind of deck I was thinking of making and I said something dragon-themed would be cool. They looked at each other with these huge smirks as if I'd just said the stupidest thing they'd ever heard and started laughing (not belly laughs, more like evil minions laughing to each other after their overlord says something 'funny'). It made me feel really stupid, and I could feel myself turning really red. They never shared what was so funny, but after that they treated me in a way that clearly stated they were no longer interested in interacting with me. I tried a bit longer, mentioning that green decks seemed fun since they seemed to be my style of play (buff up monsters, trample enemy). I asked for confirmation if that was a common green deck strategy and they just snort-laughed and said "something like that." I left shortly after. I felt really bad, even though I knew they were the problem and not me. Haven't touched Magic since. I know not everyone in the hobby is like that, but when even business owners that depend on new players for increased business treat you like shit for being a 'noob' then I figured I was better off avoiding the hobby. Saved me a lot of money, too. Yeah people like that are assholes. Honestly the way to get magic is to have friends that play magic. I can't imagine trying to get into it without playing at the kitchen table first - probably MTGO would be the best way there. But it's also expensive :( MTGO is the absolute worst way to get into Magic, friend. Forget expensive, MTGO is awful software. Lots of nice digital card games out there at this point. [deleted] I've only recently started getting into MTG and hope this isn't true everywhere. I've only been to one draft but the owner and the other guys at the LGS seemed pretty cool and were pretty helpful. They did talk about other stores having a lot of elitism, so maybe I just got lucky where I went. It is very hit or miss. I loved my buddy's LGS, but man competitive Magic players (especially the bad ones) are just the absolute worst. Playing Magic casually is the best way to play. Unfortunately I can't do anything casually - I go hard and then I get bored. You got lucky. Store magic is mostly very unfriendly to beginners. The exception is when there is either a very large beginner population where they can learn together or there is enough of a laid back atmosphere that it can still be fun. Tournament magic is a completely different beast than FNM or an offbeat draft. You have so many people there working towards a singular goal that it kind of loses it's social atmosphere and becomes more of a workplace. I personally didn't like it but I do see the appeal. If you can find a place you like to play and/or people you like to play with, enjoy it! It's a really fun game, don't let the toxic atmosphere elsewhere detract from your fun. I draft every Friday and I've never really had a problem except for a random kid who had some sort of developmental issue, and he wasn't really an asshole, just very easily distracted. Really depends on the store though. Compare that to LoL or any FPS where you'll eventually run into raging assholes no matter what you do. Something about saying shit to people's faces. Eh they were just some assholes, there's tons of local stores that would be willing to help you start out. My game store is always nice and willing to help new people out. If you were still interested, probably the easiest way to get back in is to pick up a couple of duel decks (blessed vs. cursed is really fun) and play against a friend I've played Magic (very) casually over the years. I think you'll find people like that in any sort of hobby. The elitists that think they're just amazing at the game and that they don't have time to deal with new or inexperienced players. I personally haven't met anyone like that with Magic but I'm sure they're out there. I never attended any organized events or anything. But honestly most of the people that I've met, which was mostly through high school and college, were friendly and glad to help. I've sat down with complete strangers and asked if I could play with them and I've never been turned down. I've had deck building help from guys I just met. You also have to remember most people that play Magic aren't exactly socially skilled. Comic and gaming shops are the fucking worst. I've been to a bunch of them, and not once have I ever been to one where the owners/employees weren't a bunch of sweaty pretentious assholes. Edit: Nan's in Houston is OK, but the whole store smells like BO. but the whole store smells like BO. You didn't need to add this. That is just how I imagine most game stores. At a local primarily mini-war gaming (40,000K mostly) store it got so bad this summer they put a poster on the door telling people to fuck off if they haven't showered. I hate that this is literally the experiences I've had. I haven't gone to my LGS in quite a bit because the last few weeks it's been pretty rank in there and I'm sick of leaving with headaches. Well, while our experiences differ, I will provide my own anecdotal counter argument. I have, in all of my life, never seen, been to, or even heard about a store that smelled unless it was from other people on the internet. Nor have I run into asshole LGS Owners or even players really. Sure, a few people got a little upset unnecessarily, but I haven't seen anyone be straight up rude or dickish. Every LGS I have been to has been helpful to new people, they are prospective customers after all, and are fairly consumer friendly. If anyone knows any horrendous places in the San Antonio area, I would gladly have you prove me wrong. I always assumed it would be difficult to fuck up a comic book store's business but I guess that's the way you do it I know not everyone in the hobby is like that not everybody, just most of them. Magic is an awful community. It's a hobby where you spend hundreds of hours reading up on meta and the cards, then thousands of dollars buying cards that all match that meta, so you can win, just like all the other assholes who end up "staying" in the hobby. They were laughing because dragon cards are generally pretty shitty. In Magic, you win by spawning infinite squirrels in some stupid combo. They though of you as an inferior being for not knowing that trivial knowledge of a dumb hobby. IMO, the only way to enjoy magic as a "normie" is to play preconstructed decks vs other preconstructed decks. Eh reminds me of video game veterans too. I've been playing the same MMO since it came out in 2001 and some of the people are such elitists and jackasses to new players. They don't realize they're riding an old ship that's destined to sink and they're making sure no one new climbs on board. Just imagine the self-loathing those Magic guys deal with every day, and appreciate that they drove you away from the hobby. Something worth noting about these "business owners": half the time they don't actually care about the business, they just started a card shop so they could play. I'm not talking shit about every card shop, there are plenty of really great shops out there. But there are also a ton of terrible shops that don't give a damn about anything other than competitive play. Never seen that kind of behavior from a store owner. A few players but not even that many. Honestly that's pretty idiotic. Yeah we have some idiots. They were probably just really good blue players (blue's strategy is to annoy your opponents until they lose all desire to play, or something like that) Damn. Wish you were in my area. When I was getting into magic I went ahead and bought 100+ cards, cus why not, and I then went the shop. I told them I wanted to start playing and I already purchased cards, and they were so nice saying that is a good way to start, but can cause confusion for a new player, and such. They were amazing people. I am sorry for your experience. I live in Snellville, GA, and the place is Tabletop Games Pwnd Gaming, if anyone is wondering. Idk why they're laughing, edh commanders has a decent dragon deck. I'm sorry that happened to you! I enjoy Magic and still am pretty involved, but it does attract a certain group of people. Regardless the game can be really fun! I'm sorry some asshats ruined it for you. That's a really shitty attitude I'm sorry you had to go through that. When I was playing mtg on a daily basis (1998-2003 I'd say) we "veterans" always tried to be helpful with newbies, pointing out strategies, giving away cheap cards for them to get started etc. We even went as far as pointing out when someone was trying to scam them into a very unfavorable card trade (got a couple death threats out of that). We had our fair shares of assholes in the community, but in general it was quite pleasant. I'm sorry to hear it has gotten worse over the years. Those people are assholes, but I'm going to try to explain what I think they were probably laughing about. Most dragons in Magic are high mana cost creatures and while they're powerful, a deck based around them is usually not going to be very good (outside of EDH where higher mana costs don't matter as much) so they were laughing at the strategy I guess. And with Green decks, you're right. They play big creatures, buff them, attack, and often have the Trample ability. That being said, a monogreen deck generally won't have as many tricks that other colors have available, and is an easier deck to pilot for a beginner. So, it seems like they were laughing at you because you were new, which is crazy considering you would have been a paying customer at their business. If you're still interested, check out /r/magictcg and maybe find another game store in your area. You can also get Duels of the Planeswalkers for on Steam. The newest one is free as well. They can help you to learn the basics of the game, but don't have the same level of complication as playing on MTGO or with paper. Kitchen table Magic is best magic. Get friends and enforce Pauper rules (no rares or above, or was it strictly commons?) so that no one gets any bright ideas and goes out to buy their way to victory. I stopped playing Magic when I realized I was starting to become that guy. I've started playing again with Eldritch Moon but I'm sticking to being a casual player. My man! Welcome back to the fold. :D Relevant story: Some smug jackanapes dismissively called me an Effing Casual while asking everyone else in the room if they'd go to an upcoming Pro Tour Qualifier a hundred miles away at the weekend. Everyone said 'no', but i said "Yeah man i'll see you there". Dude couldn't make it (nobody wanted to waste a car seat for him) but i went along with some other marginally serious players. Went 5-0 before my first defeat, with a borrowed deck, then it all went down hill. Still, worth it to see that guy not say anything to me when word got around. #EffingCasualForLife Some people just don't understand that casual!=bad player just like how some people don't understand that there are people who will buy a box of boosters rather than buying singles even if it's more expensive for potentially less value because they enjoy opening packs. Good job going 5-0 btw. How many people were there? I've never gone to a Pro-Tour qualifier. Amen Competitive MTG players are just the worst. In my community there are a good bunch of guys and they will help you, but there is a whole different kind of bunch that are just assholes. I was pretty proud when on turn turn 2 I killed the mutavault of one of those asshole, he wasn't too happy about it. Let's be honest here. I'm not sure if it's a majority or a subset, but a large number of MTG players are just people you do not want to be around. Local stores vary, but large events tend to be places you do not want to hang around for too long. /r/magictcg is one of the worst subreddits you could step foot in. Got into paper magic this year, superfriendly people at my store i actually made three good friends from the store. But i have seen my fair share of dicks in IQs and PPTQs. Ymmv i guess.. relevant username? is r/magictcg the subreddit that avidly defending the literal convicted rapist magic player over his crazy aggressive rape? and continued to do so even when numerous women in the community came out and said he acted massively inappropriately around them? Did that dude get banned? 18 months. Implying that an attractive female will ever be held to the same standard as an ugly male. nah it's a woman, she good Many years ago I got interested in Magic and went to a local card store that specialized primarily in Magic cards. I started talking to the owner and another employee about getting into Magic. They asked me what kind of deck I was thinking of making and I said something dragon-themed would be cool. They looked at each other with these huge smirks as if I'd just said the stupidest thing they'd ever heard and started laughing (not belly laughs, more like evil minions laughing to each other after their overlord says something 'funny'). It made me feel really stupid, and I could feel myself turning really red. They never shared what was so funny, but after that they treated me in a way that clearly stated they were no longer interested in interacting with me. I tried a bit longer, mentioning that green decks seemed fun since they seemed to be my style of play (buff up monsters, trample enemy). I asked for confirmation if that was a common green deck strategy and they just snort-laughed and said "something like that." I left shortly after. I felt really bad, even though I knew they were the problem and not me. Haven't touched Magic since. I know not everyone in the hobby is like that, but when even business owners that depend on new players for increased business treat you like shit for being a 'noob' then I figured I was better off avoiding the hobby. Saved me a lot of money, too. Yeah people like that are assholes. Honestly the way to get magic is to have friends that play magic. I can't imagine trying to get into it without playing at the kitchen table first - probably MTGO would be the best way there. But it's also expensive :( MTGO is the absolute worst way to get into Magic, friend. Forget expensive, MTGO is awful software. Lots of nice digital card games out there at this point. [deleted] I've only recently started getting into MTG and hope this isn't true everywhere. I've only been to one draft but the owner and the other guys at the LGS seemed pretty cool and were pretty helpful. They did talk about other stores having a lot of elitism, so maybe I just got lucky where I went. It is very hit or miss. I loved my buddy's LGS, but man competitive Magic players (especially the bad ones) are just the absolute worst. Playing Magic casually is the best way to play. Unfortunately I can't do anything casually - I go hard and then I get bored. You got lucky. Store magic is mostly very unfriendly to beginners. The exception is when there is either a very large beginner population where they can learn together or there is enough of a laid back atmosphere that it can still be fun. Tournament magic is a completely different beast than FNM or an offbeat draft. You have so many people there working towards a singular goal that it kind of loses it's social atmosphere and becomes more of a workplace. I personally didn't like it but I do see the appeal. If you can find a place you like to play and/or people you like to play with, enjoy it! It's a really fun game, don't let the toxic atmosphere elsewhere detract from your fun. I draft every Friday and I've never really had a problem except for a random kid who had some sort of developmental issue, and he wasn't really an asshole, just very easily distracted. Really depends on the store though. Compare that to LoL or any FPS where you'll eventually run into raging assholes no matter what you do. Something about saying shit to people's faces. Eh they were just some assholes, there's tons of local stores that would be willing to help you start out. My game store is always nice and willing to help new people out. If you were still interested, probably the easiest way to get back in is to pick up a couple of duel decks (blessed vs. cursed is really fun) and play against a friend I've played Magic (very) casually over the years. I think you'll find people like that in any sort of hobby. The elitists that think they're just amazing at the game and that they don't have time to deal with new or inexperienced players. I personally haven't met anyone like that with Magic but I'm sure they're out there. I never attended any organized events or anything. But honestly most of the people that I've met, which was mostly through high school and college, were friendly and glad to help. I've sat down with complete strangers and asked if I could play with them and I've never been turned down. I've had deck building help from guys I just met. You also have to remember most people that play Magic aren't exactly socially skilled. Comic and gaming shops are the fucking worst. I've been to a bunch of them, and not once have I ever been to one where the owners/employees weren't a bunch of sweaty pretentious assholes. Edit: Nan's in Houston is OK, but the whole store smells like BO. but the whole store smells like BO. You didn't need to add this. That is just how I imagine most game stores. At a local primarily mini-war gaming (40,000K mostly) store it got so bad this summer they put a poster on the door telling people to fuck off if they haven't showered. I hate that this is literally the experiences I've had. I haven't gone to my LGS in quite a bit because the last few weeks it's been pretty rank in there and I'm sick of leaving with headaches. Well, while our experiences differ, I will provide my own anecdotal counter argument. I have, in all of my life, never seen, been to, or even heard about a store that smelled unless it was from other people on the internet. Nor have I run into asshole LGS Owners or even players really. Sure, a few people got a little upset unnecessarily, but I haven't seen anyone be straight up rude or dickish. Every LGS I have been to has been helpful to new people, they are prospective customers after all, and are fairly consumer friendly. If anyone knows any horrendous places in the San Antonio area, I would gladly have you prove me wrong. I always assumed it would be difficult to fuck up a comic book store's business but I guess that's the way you do it I know not everyone in the hobby is like that not everybody, just most of them. Magic is an awful community. It's a hobby where you spend hundreds of hours reading up on meta and the cards, then thousands of dollars buying cards that all match that meta, so you can win, just like all the other assholes who end up "staying" in the hobby. They were laughing because dragon cards are generally pretty shitty. In Magic, you win by spawning infinite squirrels in some stupid combo. They though of you as an inferior being for not knowing that trivial knowledge of a dumb hobby. IMO, the only way to enjoy magic as a "normie" is to play preconstructed decks vs other preconstructed decks. Eh reminds me of video game veterans too. I've been playing the same MMO since it came out in 2001 and some of the people are such elitists and jackasses to new players. They don't realize they're riding an old ship that's destined to sink and they're making sure no one new climbs on board. Just imagine the self-loathing those Magic guys deal with every day, and appreciate that they drove you away from the hobby. Something worth noting about these "business owners": half the time they don't actually care about the business, they just started a card shop so they could play. I'm not talking shit about every card shop, there are plenty of really great shops out there. But there are also a ton of terrible shops that don't give a damn about anything other than competitive play. Never seen that kind of behavior from a store owner. A few players but not even that many. Honestly that's pretty idiotic. Yeah we have some idiots. They were probably just really good blue players (blue's strategy is to annoy your opponents until they lose all desire to play, or something like that) Damn. Wish you were in my area. When I was getting into magic I went ahead and bought 100+ cards, cus why not, and I then went the shop. I told them I wanted to start playing and I already purchased cards, and they were so nice saying that is a good way to start, but can cause confusion for a new player, and such. They were amazing people. I am sorry for your experience. I live in Snellville, GA, and the place is Tabletop Games Pwnd Gaming, if anyone is wondering. Idk why they're laughing, edh commanders has a decent dragon deck. I'm sorry that happened to you! I enjoy Magic and still am pretty involved, but it does attract a certain group of people. Regardless the game can be really fun! I'm sorry some asshats ruined it for you. That's a really shitty attitude I'm sorry you had to go through that. When I was playing mtg on a daily basis (1998-2003 I'd say) we "veterans" always tried to be helpful with newbies, pointing out strategies, giving away cheap cards for them to get started etc. We even went as far as pointing out when someone was trying to scam them into a very unfavorable card trade (got a couple death threats out of that). We had our fair shares of assholes in the community, but in general it was quite pleasant. I'm sorry to hear it has gotten worse over the years. Those people are assholes, but I'm going to try to explain what I think they were probably laughing about. Most dragons in Magic are high mana cost creatures and while they're powerful, a deck based around them is usually not going to be very good (outside of EDH where higher mana costs don't matter as much) so they were laughing at the strategy I guess. And with Green decks, you're right. They play big creatures, buff them, attack, and often have the Trample ability. That being said, a monogreen deck generally won't have as many tricks that other colors have available, and is an easier deck to pilot for a beginner. So, it seems like they were laughing at you because you were new, which is crazy considering you would have been a paying customer at their business. If you're still interested, check out /r/magictcg and maybe find another game store in your area. You can also get Duels of the Planeswalkers for on Steam. The newest one is free as well. They can help you to learn the basics of the game, but don't have the same level of complication as playing on MTGO or with paper. Kitchen table Magic is best magic. Get friends and enforce Pauper rules (no rares or above, or was it strictly commons?) so that no one gets any bright ideas and goes out to buy their way to victory. I stopped playing Magic when I realized I was starting to become that guy. I've started playing again with Eldritch Moon but I'm sticking to being a casual player. My man! Welcome back to the fold. :D Relevant story: Some smug jackanapes dismissively called me an Effing Casual while asking everyone else in the room if they'd go to an upcoming Pro Tour Qualifier a hundred miles away at the weekend. Everyone said 'no', but i said "Yeah man i'll see you there". Dude couldn't make it (nobody wanted to waste a car seat for him) but i went along with some other marginally serious players. Went 5-0 before my first defeat, with a borrowed deck, then it all went down hill. Still, worth it to see that guy not say anything to me when word got around. #EffingCasualForLife Some people just don't understand that casual!=bad player just like how some people don't understand that there are people who will buy a box of boosters rather than buying singles even if it's more expensive for potentially less value because they enjoy opening packs. Good job going 5-0 btw. How many people were there? I've never gone to a Pro-Tour qualifier. Amen Competitive MTG players are just the worst. In my community there are a good bunch of guys and they will help you, but there is a whole different kind of bunch that are just assholes. I was pretty proud when on turn turn 2 I killed the mutavault of one of those asshole, he wasn't too happy about it. Let's be honest here. I'm not sure if it's a majority or a subset, but a large number of MTG players are just people you do not want to be around. Local stores vary, but large events tend to be places you do not want to hang around for too long. /r/magictcg is one of the worst subreddits you could step foot in. Got into paper magic this year, superfriendly people at my store i actually made three good friends from the store. But i have seen my fair share of dicks in IQs and PPTQs. Ymmv i guess.. relevant username? is r/magictcg the subreddit that avidly defending the literal convicted rapist magic player over his crazy aggressive rape? and continued to do so even when numerous women in the community came out and said he acted massively inappropriately around them? Yeah people like that are assholes. Honestly the way to get magic is to have friends that play magic. I can't imagine trying to get into it without playing at the kitchen table first - probably MTGO would be the best way there. But it's also expensive :( MTGO is the absolute worst way to get into Magic, friend. Forget expensive, MTGO is awful software. Lots of nice digital card games out there at this point. [deleted] I've only recently started getting into MTG and hope this isn't true everywhere. I've only been to one draft but the owner and the other guys at the LGS seemed pretty cool and were pretty helpful. They did talk about other stores having a lot of elitism, so maybe I just got lucky where I went. It is very hit or miss. I loved my buddy's LGS, but man competitive Magic players (especially the bad ones) are just the absolute worst. Playing Magic casually is the best way to play. Unfortunately I can't do anything casually - I go hard and then I get bored. You got lucky. Store magic is mostly very unfriendly to beginners. The exception is when there is either a very large beginner population where they can learn together or there is enough of a laid back atmosphere that it can still be fun. Tournament magic is a completely different beast than FNM or an offbeat draft. You have so many people there working towards a singular goal that it kind of loses it's social atmosphere and becomes more of a workplace. I personally didn't like it but I do see the appeal. If you can find a place you like to play and/or people you like to play with, enjoy it! It's a really fun game, don't let the toxic atmosphere elsewhere detract from your fun. I draft every Friday and I've never really had a problem except for a random kid who had some sort of developmental issue, and he wasn't really an asshole, just very easily distracted. Really depends on the store though. Compare that to LoL or any FPS where you'll eventually run into raging assholes no matter what you do. Something about saying shit to people's faces. Eh they were just some assholes, there's tons of local stores that would be willing to help you start out. My game store is always nice and willing to help new people out. If you were still interested, probably the easiest way to get back in is to pick up a couple of duel decks (blessed vs. cursed is really fun) and play against a friend I've played Magic (very) casually over the years. I think you'll find people like that in any sort of hobby. The elitists that think they're just amazing at the game and that they don't have time to deal with new or inexperienced players. I personally haven't met anyone like that with Magic but I'm sure they're out there. I never attended any organized events or anything. But honestly most of the people that I've met, which was mostly through high school and college, were friendly and glad to help. I've sat down with complete strangers and asked if I could play with them and I've never been turned down. I've had deck building help from guys I just met. You also have to remember most people that play Magic aren't exactly socially skilled. Comic and gaming shops are the fucking worst. I've been to a bunch of them, and not once have I ever been to one where the owners/employees weren't a bunch of sweaty pretentious assholes. Edit: Nan's in Houston is OK, but the whole store smells like BO. but the whole store smells like BO. You didn't need to add this. That is just how I imagine most game stores. At a local primarily mini-war gaming (40,000K mostly) store it got so bad this summer they put a poster on the door telling people to fuck off if they haven't showered. I hate that this is literally the experiences I've had. I haven't gone to my LGS in quite a bit because the last few weeks it's been pretty rank in there and I'm sick of leaving with headaches. Well, while our experiences differ, I will provide my own anecdotal counter argument. I have, in all of my life, never seen, been to, or even heard about a store that smelled unless it was from other people on the internet. Nor have I run into asshole LGS Owners or even players really. Sure, a few people got a little upset unnecessarily, but I haven't seen anyone be straight up rude or dickish. Every LGS I have been to has been helpful to new people, they are prospective customers after all, and are fairly consumer friendly. If anyone knows any horrendous places in the San Antonio area, I would gladly have you prove me wrong. I always assumed it would be difficult to fuck up a comic book store's business but I guess that's the way you do it I know not everyone in the hobby is like that not everybody, just most of them. Magic is an awful community. It's a hobby where you spend hundreds of hours reading up on meta and the cards, then thousands of dollars buying cards that all match that meta, so you can win, just like all the other assholes who end up "staying" in the hobby. They were laughing because dragon cards are generally pretty shitty. In Magic, you win by spawning infinite squirrels in some stupid combo. They though of you as an inferior being for not knowing that trivial knowledge of a dumb hobby. IMO, the only way to enjoy magic as a "normie" is to play preconstructed decks vs other preconstructed decks. Eh reminds me of video game veterans too. I've been playing the same MMO since it came out in 2001 and some of the people are such elitists and jackasses to new players. They don't realize they're riding an old ship that's destined to sink and they're making sure no one new climbs on board. Just imagine the self-loathing those Magic guys deal with every day, and appreciate that they drove you away from the hobby. Something worth noting about these "business owners": half the time they don't actually care about the business, they just started a card shop so they could play. I'm not talking shit about every card shop, there are plenty of really great shops out there. But there are also a ton of terrible shops that don't give a damn about anything other than competitive play. Never seen that kind of behavior from a store owner. A few players but not even that many. Honestly that's pretty idiotic. Yeah we have some idiots. They were probably just really good blue players (blue's strategy is to annoy your opponents until they lose all desire to play, or something like that) Damn. Wish you were in my area. When I was getting into magic I went ahead and bought 100+ cards, cus why not, and I then went the shop. I told them I wanted to start playing and I already purchased cards, and they were so nice saying that is a good way to start, but can cause confusion for a new player, and such. They were amazing people. I am sorry for your experience. I live in Snellville, GA, and the place is Tabletop Games Pwnd Gaming, if anyone is wondering. Idk why they're laughing, edh commanders has a decent dragon deck. I'm sorry that happened to you! I enjoy Magic and still am pretty involved, but it does attract a certain group of people. Regardless the game can be really fun! I'm sorry some asshats ruined it for you. That's a really shitty attitude I'm sorry you had to go through that. When I was playing mtg on a daily basis (1998-2003 I'd say) we "veterans" always tried to be helpful with newbies, pointing out strategies, giving away cheap cards for them to get started etc. We even went as far as pointing out when someone was trying to scam them into a very unfavorable card trade (got a couple death threats out of that). We had our fair shares of assholes in the community, but in general it was quite pleasant. I'm sorry to hear it has gotten worse over the years. Those people are assholes, but I'm going to try to explain what I think they were probably laughing about. Most dragons in Magic are high mana cost creatures and while they're powerful, a deck based around them is usually not going to be very good (outside of EDH where higher mana costs don't matter as much) so they were laughing at the strategy I guess. And with Green decks, you're right. They play big creatures, buff them, attack, and often have the Trample ability. That being said, a monogreen deck generally won't have as many tricks that other colors have available, and is an easier deck to pilot for a beginner. So, it seems like they were laughing at you because you were new, which is crazy considering you would have been a paying customer at their business. If you're still interested, check out /r/magictcg and maybe find another game store in your area. You can also get Duels of the Planeswalkers for on Steam. The newest one is free as well. They can help you to learn the basics of the game, but don't have the same level of complication as playing on MTGO or with paper. Kitchen table Magic is best magic. Get friends and enforce Pauper rules (no rares or above, or was it strictly commons?) so that no one gets any bright ideas and goes out to buy their way to victory. MTGO is the absolute worst way to get into Magic, friend. Forget expensive, MTGO is awful software. Lots of nice digital card games out there at this point. I've only recently started getting into MTG and hope this isn't true everywhere. I've only been to one draft but the owner and the other guys at the LGS seemed pretty cool and were pretty helpful. They did talk about other stores having a lot of elitism, so maybe I just got lucky where I went. It is very hit or miss. I loved my buddy's LGS, but man competitive Magic players (especially the bad ones) are just the absolute worst. Playing Magic casually is the best way to play. Unfortunately I can't do anything casually - I go hard and then I get bored. You got lucky. Store magic is mostly very unfriendly to beginners. The exception is when there is either a very large beginner population where they can learn together or there is enough of a laid back atmosphere that it can still be fun. Tournament magic is a completely different beast than FNM or an offbeat draft. You have so many people there working towards a singular goal that it kind of loses it's social atmosphere and becomes more of a workplace. I personally didn't like it but I do see the appeal. If you can find a place you like to play and/or people you like to play with, enjoy it! It's a really fun game, don't let the toxic atmosphere elsewhere detract from your fun. I draft every Friday and I've never really had a problem except for a random kid who had some sort of developmental issue, and he wasn't really an asshole, just very easily distracted. Really depends on the store though. Compare that to LoL or any FPS where you'll eventually run into raging assholes no matter what you do. Something about saying shit to people's faces. It is very hit or miss. I loved my buddy's LGS, but man competitive Magic players (especially the bad ones) are just the absolute worst. Playing Magic casually is the best way to play. Unfortunately I can't do anything casually - I go hard and then I get bored. You got lucky. Store magic is mostly very unfriendly to beginners. The exception is when there is either a very large beginner population where they can learn together or there is enough of a laid back atmosphere that it can still be fun. Tournament magic is a completely different beast than FNM or an offbeat draft. You have so many people there working towards a singular goal that it kind of loses it's social atmosphere and becomes more of a workplace. I personally didn't like it but I do see the appeal. If you can find a place you like to play and/or people you like to play with, enjoy it! It's a really fun game, don't let the toxic atmosphere elsewhere detract from your fun. but the whole store smells like BO. You didn't need to add this. That is just how I imagine most game stores. At a local primarily mini-war gaming (40,000K mostly) store it got so bad this summer they put a poster on the door telling people to fuck off if they haven't showered. I hate that this is literally the experiences I've had. I haven't gone to my LGS in quite a bit because the last few weeks it's been pretty rank in there and I'm sick of leaving with headaches. Well, while our experiences differ, I will provide my own anecdotal counter argument. I have, in all of my life, never seen, been to, or even heard about a store that smelled unless it was from other people on the internet. Nor have I run into asshole LGS Owners or even players really. Sure, a few people got a little upset unnecessarily, but I haven't seen anyone be straight up rude or dickish. Every LGS I have been to has been helpful to new people, they are prospective customers after all, and are fairly consumer friendly. If anyone knows any horrendous places in the San Antonio area, I would gladly have you prove me wrong. I hate that this is literally the experiences I've had. I haven't gone to my LGS in quite a bit because the last few weeks it's been pretty rank in there and I'm sick of leaving with headaches. Well, while our experiences differ, I will provide my own anecdotal counter argument. I have, in all of my life, never seen, been to, or even heard about a store that smelled unless it was from other people on the internet. Nor have I run into asshole LGS Owners or even players really. Sure, a few people got a little upset unnecessarily, but I haven't seen anyone be straight up rude or dickish. Every LGS I have been to has been helpful to new people, they are prospective customers after all, and are fairly consumer friendly. If anyone knows any horrendous places in the San Antonio area, I would gladly have you prove me wrong. My man! Welcome back to the fold. :D Relevant story: Some smug jackanapes dismissively called me an Effing Casual while asking everyone else in the room if they'd go to an upcoming Pro Tour Qualifier a hundred miles away at the weekend. Everyone said 'no', but i said "Yeah man i'll see you there". Dude couldn't make it (nobody wanted to waste a car seat for him) but i went along with some other marginally serious players. Went 5-0 before my first defeat, with a borrowed deck, then it all went down hill. Still, worth it to see that guy not say anything to me when word got around. #EffingCasualForLife Some people just don't understand that casual!=bad player just like how some people don't understand that there are people who will buy a box of boosters rather than buying singles even if it's more expensive for potentially less value because they enjoy opening packs. Good job going 5-0 btw. How many people were there? I've never gone to a Pro-Tour qualifier. Some people just don't understand that casual!=bad player just like how some people don't understand that there are people who will buy a box of boosters rather than buying singles even if it's more expensive for potentially less value because they enjoy opening packs. Good job going 5-0 btw. How many people were there? I've never gone to a Pro-Tour qualifier. Got into paper magic this year, superfriendly people at my store i actually made three good friends from the store. But i have seen my fair share of dicks in IQs and PPTQs. Ymmv i guess.. relevant username? is r/magictcg the subreddit that avidly defending the literal convicted rapist magic player over his crazy aggressive rape? and continued to do so even when numerous women in the community came out and said he acted massively inappropriately around them? 18 months. I swear, every time I hear that, I'm in a corner without enough knowledge of the map to get away in time. I'm the Reinhardt that shouts "WITNESS ME" and charges it off the cliff. remember my sacrifice Best feeling as Reinhardt until you realize your shield would just block most of it Yeah but that requires your teammates to know to stand behind the shield; easier to get it out of the way so the headless chickens can continue to run around. That's why you just get the whole team to play as Reinhardt. You just push up and get riiiight on top of that mech. Like brushing the front of your shield on its face. You can block almost 180 degrees of the explosion and the bar is set real low for what counts as being "behind your shield". Im the roadhog who would accidentally hook the meka as a reflexive action and get half the team killed. As a D Va player the last thing you should do as a Roadhog is hook me in. Sometimes I save the ult just for it. Why? 1/3 of the time you are always missing the ult by 20% like everyone else You stay, I go. No following. I prefer CATCH PHRASE! I'm the roadhog who hooks it into the entire team. I'm the Mei who blocks the explosion with a wall. Whereas I am the Mei who sits next to it in an icecube... To quote Tom Fawkes, "HELPING!" One time I tried to do this but accidentally just brought it to my team in a ranked game. People were not happy. "You will ride eternal, shiny and chrome." You are credit to team. I managed to grab someone once while doing that. Once I grabbed someone, I was like "YES!"... and then off the cliff Just drive it to a corner and shield the blast. Or you see the ! ahead of you and think "ha! there is a wall between me and it" and then find it is currently flying over that wall, and is now on you. D.VA main here. They are adapting. If anything it just clears the point for my team. I don't get kills cause the majority of folks scatter like rats. Still useful just no points. Zarya main here, pair up with one of us and you'll wipe whole teams when we combine our ultimates :D Zarya could combine her ultimate with quite a few other ultimates. Pharrah, for one I love dropping a Zarya ult into a Mei ult, then watching any other damage dealing team member getting those phat mops (cleaning up) Ouch. I play shittons of Zarya these days (damn you Mercy nerf!) and the amount of D.Vas that absolutely refuse to communicate when they're about to ult... it makes me sad. Usually the voice chat goes like this: "Zarya ult is ready, if someone wants to combo, tell me so we can set it up!" silence "Okay D.Va, I see you have ult, wanna tell me when you use it so we can combo?" silence ...and then D.Va just uses her ult whenever she wants and gets no kills. Fine, I'll just try to see the future and see if I can Graviton Surge where you seem to be aiming your ult ಠ~ಠ TBH, I thought this was a post about a Democrat from Virginia. I'm usually right next to on the objective because my team are kill whores... Play More Zarya. Dva ults, and most other ults, just become your best friends for gathering charge. That's why you play Zarya. D.Va and Junkrat ults are so easy to absorb. I love absorbing all that sweet sweet damage with a barrier. Now if my barrier is on the CD that's another story. I'm not very good with her. Is she considered "good" in the meta game? I'm not super competitive, but after the patch that adjusted her shield and Ult, I think she is much improved. To the point where she's dominating quickplay if there is more than one of her. Comp, yeah she's fine. There's the single hero limit. Quickplay.. oh boy.. Multiple D.Va's are a pure nightmare. I expect there might be some balance changes in the future. Hah, when I can get my 6 stack together we always run full D.Va. Chaining ults on the point to keep it clear will never not be funny. Funniest ult chain is junkrats wheel. Ever seen 6 of them coming for you? It's fucking terrifying "Now 6 Winston's, that's strategically sound but 6 junkrat's?" "Fire in the hole" I was able to get a round with 3 other bastions and 2 healers the other day on rio as defense. They weren't able to get out on the truck and move it since we just bullet hosed them as they stepped out the doors. Even 2 bastions are pure cancer especially when they can cover each other. It was fun to have that happen, but it would get old fast even as defense. We got our karma on the next round though when they were defending the same map and they had us pinned just about as well with a bunch of firepower focused on the spawn doors. IIRC it was a bunch of attack and deffense characters staying in motion so you couldn't just pop out a couple times to kill them like you could with a Bastion. Those were some fun rounds and good teams. Yes she's a very competitive pick at high ranks. In pro play she's still somewhat niche but the tank roster is overall very balanced from a competitive standpoint. Plus she's cute. What, roadhog isnt? Roadhog is sexy af Pretty good off/secondary tank. I usually stick to zarya though. Yeah, Zarya is the most offensive tank with a weapon that kills other tanks and a shield that makes said weapon stronger. She has 8-second vulnerabilities, though. So her strength is largely in the trigger discipline of her enemies and the cooperation of good teammates. She isn't a good solo tank, because reinhardt is better at blocking, not a hard flanker because Winston is more mobile, and doesn't deal nearly as much damage as Roadhog or a good Zarya, but she is a GREAT off-tank. Her defense matrix can easily fill in for a downed Reinhardt shield in a pinch and can shut down ults like mcrees or pharahs. Her boosters can catch fleeing enemies, allow her to retreat or attempt to flank snipers. Her ult is good area denial too. With a second tank there to help catch flak she is great. Lately I've been ruining the game for Soldiers/Mccrees/Pharahs/Roadhogs by stealing their ults with my defense matrix. It feels so good, but I could only imagine being on the other end. Tbh all those guys are so easy to waste ults. Winston, Reinhardt, DVA, Roadhog, Widowmaker, Mcree, Mei, Ana, and Hanzo call all either block, stun, or OHKO, soldier/mcree/pharah and mcree, roadhog, Ana can shut down roadhog. Its crazy. You don't play her as a tank. You use her for her mobility and 2 lives to annoy the hell out of people. I have the most luck with D.Va and Zarya when to comes to being a balanced offense/defensive tank. Reinhardt is best for me for defensive She disrupts teams that can actually work together. Try charging in with her and pray your team does something with it. The charge knocks enemies around and damages them. Then just keep drawing fire with your shield while your teammates finish them off. You're going to lose the mech this way but hey your teammates should have picked off 1-2 of them right? RIGHT? She's become a great tank after her recent buff, yeah. I'm the Reinhardt that shouts "WITNESS ME" and charges it off the cliff. remember my sacrifice Best feeling as Reinhardt until you realize your shield would just block most of it Yeah but that requires your teammates to know to stand behind the shield; easier to get it out of the way so the headless chickens can continue to run around. That's why you just get the whole team to play as Reinhardt. You just push up and get riiiight on top of that mech. Like brushing the front of your shield on its face. You can block almost 180 degrees of the explosion and the bar is set real low for what counts as being "behind your shield". Im the roadhog who would accidentally hook the meka as a reflexive action and get half the team killed. As a D Va player the last thing you should do as a Roadhog is hook me in. Sometimes I save the ult just for it. Why? 1/3 of the time you are always missing the ult by 20% like everyone else You stay, I go. No following. I prefer CATCH PHRASE! I'm the roadhog who hooks it into the entire team. I'm the Mei who blocks the explosion with a wall. Whereas I am the Mei who sits next to it in an icecube... To quote Tom Fawkes, "HELPING!" One time I tried to do this but accidentally just brought it to my team in a ranked game. People were not happy. "You will ride eternal, shiny and chrome." You are credit to team. I managed to grab someone once while doing that. Once I grabbed someone, I was like "YES!"... and then off the cliff Just drive it to a corner and shield the blast. Or you see the ! ahead of you and think "ha! there is a wall between me and it" and then find it is currently flying over that wall, and is now on you. D.VA main here. They are adapting. If anything it just clears the point for my team. I don't get kills cause the majority of folks scatter like rats. Still useful just no points. Zarya main here, pair up with one of us and you'll wipe whole teams when we combine our ultimates :D Zarya could combine her ultimate with quite a few other ultimates. Pharrah, for one I love dropping a Zarya ult into a Mei ult, then watching any other damage dealing team member getting those phat mops (cleaning up) Ouch. I play shittons of Zarya these days (damn you Mercy nerf!) and the amount of D.Vas that absolutely refuse to communicate when they're about to ult... it makes me sad. Usually the voice chat goes like this: "Zarya ult is ready, if someone wants to combo, tell me so we can set it up!" silence "Okay D.Va, I see you have ult, wanna tell me when you use it so we can combo?" silence ...and then D.Va just uses her ult whenever she wants and gets no kills. Fine, I'll just try to see the future and see if I can Graviton Surge where you seem to be aiming your ult ಠ~ಠ TBH, I thought this was a post about a Democrat from Virginia. I'm usually right next to on the objective because my team are kill whores... Play More Zarya. Dva ults, and most other ults, just become your best friends for gathering charge. That's why you play Zarya. D.Va and Junkrat ults are so easy to absorb. I love absorbing all that sweet sweet damage with a barrier. Now if my barrier is on the CD that's another story. Best feeling as Reinhardt until you realize your shield would just block most of it Yeah but that requires your teammates to know to stand behind the shield; easier to get it out of the way so the headless chickens can continue to run around. That's why you just get the whole team to play as Reinhardt. You just push up and get riiiight on top of that mech. Like brushing the front of your shield on its face. You can block almost 180 degrees of the explosion and the bar is set real low for what counts as being "behind your shield". Im the roadhog who would accidentally hook the meka as a reflexive action and get half the team killed. As a D Va player the last thing you should do as a Roadhog is hook me in. Sometimes I save the ult just for it. Why? 1/3 of the time you are always missing the ult by 20% like everyone else You stay, I go. No following. I prefer CATCH PHRASE! I'm the roadhog who hooks it into the entire team. I'm the Mei who blocks the explosion with a wall. Whereas I am the Mei who sits next to it in an icecube... To quote Tom Fawkes, "HELPING!" One time I tried to do this but accidentally just brought it to my team in a ranked game. People were not happy. "You will ride eternal, shiny and chrome." You are credit to team. I managed to grab someone once while doing that. Once I grabbed someone, I was like "YES!"... and then off the cliff Just drive it to a corner and shield the blast. Yeah but that requires your teammates to know to stand behind the shield; easier to get it out of the way so the headless chickens can continue to run around. That's why you just get the whole team to play as Reinhardt. You just push up and get riiiight on top of that mech. Like brushing the front of your shield on its face. You can block almost 180 degrees of the explosion and the bar is set real low for what counts as being "behind your shield". That's why you just get the whole team to play as Reinhardt. You just push up and get riiiight on top of that mech. Like brushing the front of your shield on its face. You can block almost 180 degrees of the explosion and the bar is set real low for what counts as being "behind your shield". As a D Va player the last thing you should do as a Roadhog is hook me in. Sometimes I save the ult just for it. Why? 1/3 of the time you are always missing the ult by 20% like everyone else Why? 1/3 of the time you are always missing the ult by 20% like everyone else No following. Whereas I am the Mei who sits next to it in an icecube... To quote Tom Fawkes, "HELPING!" Zarya main here, pair up with one of us and you'll wipe whole teams when we combine our ultimates :D Zarya could combine her ultimate with quite a few other ultimates. Pharrah, for one I love dropping a Zarya ult into a Mei ult, then watching any other damage dealing team member getting those phat mops (cleaning up) Ouch. I play shittons of Zarya these days (damn you Mercy nerf!) and the amount of D.Vas that absolutely refuse to communicate when they're about to ult... it makes me sad. Usually the voice chat goes like this: "Zarya ult is ready, if someone wants to combo, tell me so we can set it up!" silence "Okay D.Va, I see you have ult, wanna tell me when you use it so we can combo?" silence ...and then D.Va just uses her ult whenever she wants and gets no kills. Fine, I'll just try to see the future and see if I can Graviton Surge where you seem to be aiming your ult ಠ~ಠ TBH, I thought this was a post about a Democrat from Virginia. Zarya could combine her ultimate with quite a few other ultimates. Pharrah, for one I love dropping a Zarya ult into a Mei ult, then watching any other damage dealing team member getting those phat mops (cleaning up) Ouch. I play shittons of Zarya these days (damn you Mercy nerf!) and the amount of D.Vas that absolutely refuse to communicate when they're about to ult... it makes me sad. Usually the voice chat goes like this: "Zarya ult is ready, if someone wants to combo, tell me so we can set it up!" silence "Okay D.Va, I see you have ult, wanna tell me when you use it so we can combo?" silence ...and then D.Va just uses her ult whenever she wants and gets no kills. Fine, I'll just try to see the future and see if I can Graviton Surge where you seem to be aiming your ult ಠ~ಠ I'm not super competitive, but after the patch that adjusted her shield and Ult, I think she is much improved. To the point where she's dominating quickplay if there is more than one of her. Comp, yeah she's fine. There's the single hero limit. Quickplay.. oh boy.. Multiple D.Va's are a pure nightmare. I expect there might be some balance changes in the future. Hah, when I can get my 6 stack together we always run full D.Va. Chaining ults on the point to keep it clear will never not be funny. Funniest ult chain is junkrats wheel. Ever seen 6 of them coming for you? It's fucking terrifying "Now 6 Winston's, that's strategically sound but 6 junkrat's?" "Fire in the hole" I was able to get a round with 3 other bastions and 2 healers the other day on rio as defense. They weren't able to get out on the truck and move it since we just bullet hosed them as they stepped out the doors. Even 2 bastions are pure cancer especially when they can cover each other. It was fun to have that happen, but it would get old fast even as defense. We got our karma on the next round though when they were defending the same map and they had us pinned just about as well with a bunch of firepower focused on the spawn doors. IIRC it was a bunch of attack and deffense characters staying in motion so you couldn't just pop out a couple times to kill them like you could with a Bastion. Those were some fun rounds and good teams. Yes she's a very competitive pick at high ranks. In pro play she's still somewhat niche but the tank roster is overall very balanced from a competitive standpoint. Plus she's cute. What, roadhog isnt? Roadhog is sexy af Pretty good off/secondary tank. I usually stick to zarya though. Yeah, Zarya is the most offensive tank with a weapon that kills other tanks and a shield that makes said weapon stronger. She has 8-second vulnerabilities, though. So her strength is largely in the trigger discipline of her enemies and the cooperation of good teammates. She isn't a good solo tank, because reinhardt is better at blocking, not a hard flanker because Winston is more mobile, and doesn't deal nearly as much damage as Roadhog or a good Zarya, but she is a GREAT off-tank. Her defense matrix can easily fill in for a downed Reinhardt shield in a pinch and can shut down ults like mcrees or pharahs. Her boosters can catch fleeing enemies, allow her to retreat or attempt to flank snipers. Her ult is good area denial too. With a second tank there to help catch flak she is great. Lately I've been ruining the game for Soldiers/Mccrees/Pharahs/Roadhogs by stealing their ults with my defense matrix. It feels so good, but I could only imagine being on the other end. Tbh all those guys are so easy to waste ults. Winston, Reinhardt, DVA, Roadhog, Widowmaker, Mcree, Mei, Ana, and Hanzo call all either block, stun, or OHKO, soldier/mcree/pharah and mcree, roadhog, Ana can shut down roadhog. Its crazy. You don't play her as a tank. You use her for her mobility and 2 lives to annoy the hell out of people. I have the most luck with D.Va and Zarya when to comes to being a balanced offense/defensive tank. Reinhardt is best for me for defensive She disrupts teams that can actually work together. Try charging in with her and pray your team does something with it. The charge knocks enemies around and damages them. Then just keep drawing fire with your shield while your teammates finish them off. You're going to lose the mech this way but hey your teammates should have picked off 1-2 of them right? RIGHT? She's become a great tank after her recent buff, yeah. To the point where she's dominating quickplay if there is more than one of her. Comp, yeah she's fine. There's the single hero limit. Quickplay.. oh boy.. Multiple D.Va's are a pure nightmare. I expect there might be some balance changes in the future. Hah, when I can get my 6 stack together we always run full D.Va. Chaining ults on the point to keep it clear will never not be funny. Funniest ult chain is junkrats wheel. Ever seen 6 of them coming for you? It's fucking terrifying "Now 6 Winston's, that's strategically sound but 6 junkrat's?" "Fire in the hole" I was able to get a round with 3 other bastions and 2 healers the other day on rio as defense. They weren't able to get out on the truck and move it since we just bullet hosed them as they stepped out the doors. Even 2 bastions are pure cancer especially when they can cover each other. It was fun to have that happen, but it would get old fast even as defense. We got our karma on the next round though when they were defending the same map and they had us pinned just about as well with a bunch of firepower focused on the spawn doors. IIRC it was a bunch of attack and deffense characters staying in motion so you couldn't just pop out a couple times to kill them like you could with a Bastion. Those were some fun rounds and good teams. Hah, when I can get my 6 stack together we always run full D.Va. Chaining ults on the point to keep it clear will never not be funny. Funniest ult chain is junkrats wheel. Ever seen 6 of them coming for you? It's fucking terrifying "Now 6 Winston's, that's strategically sound but 6 junkrat's?" "Fire in the hole" I was able to get a round with 3 other bastions and 2 healers the other day on rio as defense. They weren't able to get out on the truck and move it since we just bullet hosed them as they stepped out the doors. Even 2 bastions are pure cancer especially when they can cover each other. It was fun to have that happen, but it would get old fast even as defense. We got our karma on the next round though when they were defending the same map and they had us pinned just about as well with a bunch of firepower focused on the spawn doors. IIRC it was a bunch of attack and deffense characters staying in motion so you couldn't just pop out a couple times to kill them like you could with a Bastion. Those were some fun rounds and good teams. Funniest ult chain is junkrats wheel. Ever seen 6 of them coming for you? It's fucking terrifying "Now 6 Winston's, that's strategically sound but 6 junkrat's?" "Fire in the hole" I was able to get a round with 3 other bastions and 2 healers the other day on rio as defense. They weren't able to get out on the truck and move it since we just bullet hosed them as they stepped out the doors. Even 2 bastions are pure cancer especially when they can cover each other. It was fun to have that happen, but it would get old fast even as defense. We got our karma on the next round though when they were defending the same map and they had us pinned just about as well with a bunch of firepower focused on the spawn doors. IIRC it was a bunch of attack and deffense characters staying in motion so you couldn't just pop out a couple times to kill them like you could with a Bastion. Those were some fun rounds and good teams. "Now 6 Winston's, that's strategically sound but 6 junkrat's?" "Fire in the hole" Even 2 bastions are pure cancer especially when they can cover each other. It was fun to have that happen, but it would get old fast even as defense. We got our karma on the next round though when they were defending the same map and they had us pinned just about as well with a bunch of firepower focused on the spawn doors. IIRC it was a bunch of attack and deffense characters staying in motion so you couldn't just pop out a couple times to kill them like you could with a Bastion. Those were some fun rounds and good teams. It was fun to have that happen, but it would get old fast even as defense. We got our karma on the next round though when they were defending the same map and they had us pinned just about as well with a bunch of firepower focused on the spawn doors. IIRC it was a bunch of attack and deffense characters staying in motion so you couldn't just pop out a couple times to kill them like you could with a Bastion. Those were some fun rounds and good teams. Plus she's cute. What, roadhog isnt? Roadhog is sexy af What, roadhog isnt? Roadhog is sexy af Roadhog is sexy af Yeah, Zarya is the most offensive tank with a weapon that kills other tanks and a shield that makes said weapon stronger. She has 8-second vulnerabilities, though. So her strength is largely in the trigger discipline of her enemies and the cooperation of good teammates. Lately I've been ruining the game for Soldiers/Mccrees/Pharahs/Roadhogs by stealing their ults with my defense matrix. It feels so good, but I could only imagine being on the other end. Tbh all those guys are so easy to waste ults. Winston, Reinhardt, DVA, Roadhog, Widowmaker, Mcree, Mei, Ana, and Hanzo call all either block, stun, or OHKO, soldier/mcree/pharah and mcree, roadhog, Ana can shut down roadhog. Its crazy. You don't play her as a tank. You use her for her mobility and 2 lives to annoy the hell out of people. Tbh all those guys are so easy to waste ults. Winston, Reinhardt, DVA, Roadhog, Widowmaker, Mcree, Mei, Ana, and Hanzo call all either block, stun, or OHKO, soldier/mcree/pharah and mcree, roadhog, Ana can shut down roadhog. Its crazy. I've seen this a dozen times, and it has made me giggle with every single viewing Funniest part is he got banned from MTG I think as a result. one or two years ago the ban was lift thou it was never lifted, it was an 18 month ban from all tournaments and he served the full length of that ban and it finished a few months ago That's fucking hilarious. 18 month MTG ban for taking pictures of peoples' asscracks. What's the fine for cameltoe pics? What's the fine for cameltoe pics? It's a MTG convention... Yeah they're called moose knuckles there. When mirrodin first came out I went to the pre release at a local hotel, 3 days of tournaments and you got to keep/win a lot of cards. I was about 15, this super fucking hot chick came in and I just about broke my neck. The guys I was sitting with started laughing and asked if I wanted to meet her. Of course I said yes, well she comes over and had a voice so deep I thought it was James earl jones. Come to find out she was actually a transvestite, I never went to mtg related events ever again. Well did you hit? With bosh yes, I sacd all my artifacts. I bet you're one of those guys who would turn down a million dollars rather than suck a dick. I learned from that welsh guy who built a very good bridge and helped his community, instead of remembering him for that he's remembered for fucking one sheep. With men we call it a moose knuckle. Actual moose knuckle Chris Christie's moose knuckle And blue they shall stay. On this, the lord's day of August 14th, 2016, the links stayed blue Chris Christie's moose knuckle No thank you. That image will... haunt me. Where the fuck is that dude's penis? I think the lump on the right might be it, but I can't say with any certainty at all. That's either a testicle or a ferocious vagina trying to eat it's way to freedom. So mooseknuckle? i was gonna laugh but its not a joke or anything so 18 months. We actually know this because someone was taking pictures of cosplayers and making fun of them on Twitter at a large tournament. Banned. What's the fine for cameltoe pics? I believe it´s more like a reward. Finding a Black Lotus on the tournament floor would be easier than taking a cameltoe pic at a MTG tournament Funniest part was that a post on /r/funny was actually funny. The MTG community is becoming super sensitive. Owen Turtenwald, probably the best player in the world, is disliked by many simply because he is frequently curt. That's it. He speaks plainly and honestly and doesn't pander to people with silly puns and over-the-top niceties like other MTG pros, so they dislike him. These people are becoming/already are the majority, so Wizards of the Coast bend over backwards to appease them. [deleted] Yeah, it always cracks me up too. I laugh my ass off every time. Buttholes Threads over boys, go home. We pulling an r/thanksobama? /r/gaming is closing because /u/mynameiszack said buttholes fissure. Ok. Rap album cover version He looks like a fat Jon Snow. Sam Tarly x Jon Snow The love child we deserve Dinner is coming. Fat Jon Snow is a legend. The King of Cracks!! Reddit post #2 of all time, under that rice guy. Really? Reddit shows me as number 4. http://imgur.com/a/XB4GG skylarmt linked the top of his subscriptions (or the subscriptions of whoever clicks the link), you're correct that it's #4 of all posts. i never realized just how many upvotes that bill wurtz video actually got until now. #5 overall, that's wacky What blows my mind is that of all 25 on the top page, only 2 are older than 1 year! I'm here for 3 years now, I've seen 23 of those 25 post happen life. Not to mention events like the fattening that I also witnessed and aren't shown there. I basically lived through most of Reddits interesting stuff. TIL that going to top>all time still limits to subs you're... subbed too. Post #1 and #2 are not from default subreddits (and have thousands of upvotes more as well), check /r/all for the complete top posts list. /r/all/top EDIT: and #2 is my favorite "top post" He looks like fat Jon Snow. I suspect given his weight that he's plumbed a few people in his time too. Holy shit, how am I just now seeing this? I'm still laughing This guy's pretty funny. I asked him one day if he still does it. He said "I don't pray anymore. " I'm still amazed he was banned from the event for doing that and then unbanned just from the roar of the internet. [deleted] We didn't, reddit oh, 18 months go by faster than I think... He was unbanned? The ban was never permanent. It was only an 18 month suspension. It always amuses me that one fatass Magic player felt the need to humiliate a ton of other fatass Magic players on the Internet... and then reddit being reddit a bullying post made it to the #3 most upvoted post of all time. And just yesterday one of the top posts on /r/all was all about how schools turn a blind eye to bullying... loool. Never felt like an "LOL they're fat" thing just that they lacked the ability to not show their collective ass cracks to the world. More like public shaming for being gross than bullying to me. Yeah, your ass hanging out is an easily solved problem. Loose fitting cargo shorts and a tshirt that's too small for your chunky body. At least wear underwear. Yeah, never was about being fat. It was about improper hygiene and care towards one's personal self. I do struggle to understand how people find this funny. What's so humorous about a guy taking pictures of people's ass-cracks? That's exactly how I always imagined a Magic the Gathering gathering would look like. Sometimes stereotypes exist for a reason. Is that a chubby Chris Pratt? Funniest part is he got banned from MTG I think as a result. one or two years ago the ban was lift thou it was never lifted, it was an 18 month ban from all tournaments and he served the full length of that ban and it finished a few months ago That's fucking hilarious. 18 month MTG ban for taking pictures of peoples' asscracks. What's the fine for cameltoe pics? What's the fine for cameltoe pics? It's a MTG convention... Yeah they're called moose knuckles there. When mirrodin first came out I went to the pre release at a local hotel, 3 days of tournaments and you got to keep/win a lot of cards. I was about 15, this super fucking hot chick came in and I just about broke my neck. The guys I was sitting with started laughing and asked if I wanted to meet her. Of course I said yes, well she comes over and had a voice so deep I thought it was James earl jones. Come to find out she was actually a transvestite, I never went to mtg related events ever again. Well did you hit? With bosh yes, I sacd all my artifacts. I bet you're one of those guys who would turn down a million dollars rather than suck a dick. I learned from that welsh guy who built a very good bridge and helped his community, instead of remembering him for that he's remembered for fucking one sheep. With men we call it a moose knuckle. Actual moose knuckle Chris Christie's moose knuckle And blue they shall stay. On this, the lord's day of August 14th, 2016, the links stayed blue Chris Christie's moose knuckle No thank you. That image will... haunt me. Where the fuck is that dude's penis? I think the lump on the right might be it, but I can't say with any certainty at all. That's either a testicle or a ferocious vagina trying to eat it's way to freedom. So mooseknuckle? i was gonna laugh but its not a joke or anything so 18 months. We actually know this because someone was taking pictures of cosplayers and making fun of them on Twitter at a large tournament. Banned. What's the fine for cameltoe pics? I believe it´s more like a reward. Finding a Black Lotus on the tournament floor would be easier than taking a cameltoe pic at a MTG tournament Funniest part was that a post on /r/funny was actually funny. The MTG community is becoming super sensitive. Owen Turtenwald, probably the best player in the world, is disliked by many simply because he is frequently curt. That's it. He speaks plainly and honestly and doesn't pander to people with silly puns and over-the-top niceties like other MTG pros, so they dislike him. These people are becoming/already are the majority, so Wizards of the Coast bend over backwards to appease them. [deleted] Yeah, it always cracks me up too. I laugh my ass off every time. Buttholes Threads over boys, go home. We pulling an r/thanksobama? /r/gaming is closing because /u/mynameiszack said buttholes fissure. Ok. Rap album cover version one or two years ago the ban was lift thou it was never lifted, it was an 18 month ban from all tournaments and he served the full length of that ban and it finished a few months ago That's fucking hilarious. 18 month MTG ban for taking pictures of peoples' asscracks. What's the fine for cameltoe pics? What's the fine for cameltoe pics? It's a MTG convention... Yeah they're called moose knuckles there. When mirrodin first came out I went to the pre release at a local hotel, 3 days of tournaments and you got to keep/win a lot of cards. I was about 15, this super fucking hot chick came in and I just about broke my neck. The guys I was sitting with started laughing and asked if I wanted to meet her. Of course I said yes, well she comes over and had a voice so deep I thought it was James earl jones. Come to find out she was actually a transvestite, I never went to mtg related events ever again. Well did you hit? With bosh yes, I sacd all my artifacts. I bet you're one of those guys who would turn down a million dollars rather than suck a dick. I learned from that welsh guy who built a very good bridge and helped his community, instead of remembering him for that he's remembered for fucking one sheep. With men we call it a moose knuckle. Actual moose knuckle Chris Christie's moose knuckle And blue they shall stay. On this, the lord's day of August 14th, 2016, the links stayed blue Chris Christie's moose knuckle No thank you. That image will... haunt me. Where the fuck is that dude's penis? I think the lump on the right might be it, but I can't say with any certainty at all. That's either a testicle or a ferocious vagina trying to eat it's way to freedom. So mooseknuckle? i was gonna laugh but its not a joke or anything so 18 months. We actually know this because someone was taking pictures of cosplayers and making fun of them on Twitter at a large tournament. Banned. What's the fine for cameltoe pics? I believe it´s more like a reward. Finding a Black Lotus on the tournament floor would be easier than taking a cameltoe pic at a MTG tournament Funniest part was that a post on /r/funny was actually funny. The MTG community is becoming super sensitive. Owen Turtenwald, probably the best player in the world, is disliked by many simply because he is frequently curt. That's it. He speaks plainly and honestly and doesn't pander to people with silly puns and over-the-top niceties like other MTG pros, so they dislike him. These people are becoming/already are the majority, so Wizards of the Coast bend over backwards to appease them. [deleted] it was never lifted, it was an 18 month ban from all tournaments and he served the full length of that ban and it finished a few months ago What's the fine for cameltoe pics? It's a MTG convention... Yeah they're called moose knuckles there. When mirrodin first came out I went to the pre release at a local hotel, 3 days of tournaments and you got to keep/win a lot of cards. I was about 15, this super fucking hot chick came in and I just about broke my neck. The guys I was sitting with started laughing and asked if I wanted to meet her. Of course I said yes, well she comes over and had a voice so deep I thought it was James earl jones. Come to find out she was actually a transvestite, I never went to mtg related events ever again. Well did you hit? With bosh yes, I sacd all my artifacts. I bet you're one of those guys who would turn down a million dollars rather than suck a dick. I learned from that welsh guy who built a very good bridge and helped his community, instead of remembering him for that he's remembered for fucking one sheep. With men we call it a moose knuckle. Actual moose knuckle Chris Christie's moose knuckle And blue they shall stay. On this, the lord's day of August 14th, 2016, the links stayed blue Chris Christie's moose knuckle No thank you. That image will... haunt me. Where the fuck is that dude's penis? I think the lump on the right might be it, but I can't say with any certainty at all. That's either a testicle or a ferocious vagina trying to eat it's way to freedom. So mooseknuckle? i was gonna laugh but its not a joke or anything so 18 months. We actually know this because someone was taking pictures of cosplayers and making fun of them on Twitter at a large tournament. Banned. What's the fine for cameltoe pics? I believe it´s more like a reward. Finding a Black Lotus on the tournament floor would be easier than taking a cameltoe pic at a MTG tournament Yeah they're called moose knuckles there. When mirrodin first came out I went to the pre release at a local hotel, 3 days of tournaments and you got to keep/win a lot of cards. I was about 15, this super fucking hot chick came in and I just about broke my neck. The guys I was sitting with started laughing and asked if I wanted to meet her. Of course I said yes, well she comes over and had a voice so deep I thought it was James earl jones. Come to find out she was actually a transvestite, I never went to mtg related events ever again. Well did you hit? With bosh yes, I sacd all my artifacts. I bet you're one of those guys who would turn down a million dollars rather than suck a dick. I learned from that welsh guy who built a very good bridge and helped his community, instead of remembering him for that he's remembered for fucking one sheep. With men we call it a moose knuckle. Actual moose knuckle Chris Christie's moose knuckle And blue they shall stay. On this, the lord's day of August 14th, 2016, the links stayed blue Chris Christie's moose knuckle No thank you. That image will... haunt me. Where the fuck is that dude's penis? I think the lump on the right might be it, but I can't say with any certainty at all. That's either a testicle or a ferocious vagina trying to eat it's way to freedom. So mooseknuckle? i was gonna laugh but its not a joke or anything so When mirrodin first came out I went to the pre release at a local hotel, 3 days of tournaments and you got to keep/win a lot of cards. I was about 15, this super fucking hot chick came in and I just about broke my neck. The guys I was sitting with started laughing and asked if I wanted to meet her. Of course I said yes, well she comes over and had a voice so deep I thought it was James earl jones. Come to find out she was actually a transvestite, I never went to mtg related events ever again. Well did you hit? With bosh yes, I sacd all my artifacts. I bet you're one of those guys who would turn down a million dollars rather than suck a dick. I learned from that welsh guy who built a very good bridge and helped his community, instead of remembering him for that he's remembered for fucking one sheep. Well did you hit? With bosh yes, I sacd all my artifacts. I bet you're one of those guys who would turn down a million dollars rather than suck a dick. I learned from that welsh guy who built a very good bridge and helped his community, instead of remembering him for that he's remembered for fucking one sheep. With bosh yes, I sacd all my artifacts. I learned from that welsh guy who built a very good bridge and helped his community, instead of remembering him for that he's remembered for fucking one sheep. And blue they shall stay. On this, the lord's day of August 14th, 2016, the links stayed blue Chris Christie's moose knuckle No thank you. That image will... haunt me. Where the fuck is that dude's penis? I think the lump on the right might be it, but I can't say with any certainty at all. That's either a testicle or a ferocious vagina trying to eat it's way to freedom. On this, the lord's day of August 14th, 2016, the links stayed blue I think the lump on the right might be it, but I can't say with any certainty at all. That's either a testicle or a ferocious vagina trying to eat it's way to freedom. That's either a testicle or a ferocious vagina trying to eat it's way to freedom. [deleted] I laugh my ass off every time. Buttholes Threads over boys, go home. We pulling an r/thanksobama? /r/gaming is closing because /u/mynameiszack said buttholes fissure. Ok. Buttholes Threads over boys, go home. We pulling an r/thanksobama? /r/gaming is closing because /u/mynameiszack said buttholes fissure. Threads over boys, go home. We pulling an r/thanksobama? /r/gaming is closing because /u/mynameiszack said buttholes fissure. We pulling an r/thanksobama? /r/gaming is closing because /u/mynameiszack said buttholes fissure. /r/gaming is closing because /u/mynameiszack said buttholes fissure. fissure. Sam Tarly x Jon Snow The love child we deserve Dinner is coming. Fat Jon Snow is a legend. The King of Cracks!! The love child we deserve Really? Reddit shows me as number 4. http://imgur.com/a/XB4GG skylarmt linked the top of his subscriptions (or the subscriptions of whoever clicks the link), you're correct that it's #4 of all posts. i never realized just how many upvotes that bill wurtz video actually got until now. #5 overall, that's wacky What blows my mind is that of all 25 on the top page, only 2 are older than 1 year! I'm here for 3 years now, I've seen 23 of those 25 post happen life. Not to mention events like the fattening that I also witnessed and aren't shown there. I basically lived through most of Reddits interesting stuff. TIL that going to top>all time still limits to subs you're... subbed too. Post #1 and #2 are not from default subreddits (and have thousands of upvotes more as well), check /r/all for the complete top posts list. /r/all/top EDIT: and #2 is my favorite "top post" skylarmt linked the top of his subscriptions (or the subscriptions of whoever clicks the link), you're correct that it's #4 of all posts. i never realized just how many upvotes that bill wurtz video actually got until now. #5 overall, that's wacky What blows my mind is that of all 25 on the top page, only 2 are older than 1 year! I'm here for 3 years now, I've seen 23 of those 25 post happen life. Not to mention events like the fattening that I also witnessed and aren't shown there. I basically lived through most of Reddits interesting stuff. TIL that going to top>all time still limits to subs you're... subbed too. What blows my mind is that of all 25 on the top page, only 2 are older than 1 year! I'm here for 3 years now, I've seen 23 of those 25 post happen life. Not to mention events like the fattening that I also witnessed and aren't shown there. I basically lived through most of Reddits interesting stuff. /r/all/top EDIT: and #2 is my favorite "top post" I suspect given his weight that he's plumbed a few people in his time too. [deleted] We didn't, reddit oh, 18 months go by faster than I think... He was unbanned? The ban was never permanent. It was only an 18 month suspension. We didn't, reddit oh, 18 months go by faster than I think... The ban was never permanent. It was only an 18 month suspension. Never felt like an "LOL they're fat" thing just that they lacked the ability to not show their collective ass cracks to the world. More like public shaming for being gross than bullying to me. Yeah, your ass hanging out is an easily solved problem. Loose fitting cargo shorts and a tshirt that's too small for your chunky body. At least wear underwear. Yeah, never was about being fat. It was about improper hygiene and care towards one's personal self. I do struggle to understand how people find this funny. What's so humorous about a guy taking pictures of people's ass-cracks? Yeah, your ass hanging out is an easily solved problem. Loose fitting cargo shorts and a tshirt that's too small for your chunky body. At least wear underwear. Look what you started! I knew I would find you in the comments somewhere. Seeing as how this is the top post on r/all right now which refers to me I'd say that that was a pretty safe bet. Thankyou for your service. Heroes never die Too late for the nerf...she has been banned from cosplay conventions for the next 18 months. This the op from that post. Is that really you, buttcrack wizard dude Someone should photoshop you over the cosplayer, making it so you are viewing your own crack. Seeing as how this is the top post on r/all right now which refers to me I'd say that that was a pretty safe bet. Thankyou for your service. Heroes never die Thankyou for your service. Heroes never die Heroes never die Tearless.. :'/ He does both in the original. http://i.imgur.com/xhhiSYi.jpg Unless you're more referring to the expression... But that's kind of unfair nitpicking. I think what you're getting at is a lot simpler than that. Shes supposed to be looking directly at the camera. Oh, is that what the original was supposed to be? I always thought it was some sort of "and here is our deity, the buttcrack, let us worship" type thing. Whenever the original dude is making the prayer hands, I think those are the funniest. Also he's got this like, sweetness to his eyes that pushes the comedy over the top. Whenever the original dude is making the prayer hands, I think those are the funniest. Also he's got this like, sweetness to his eyes that pushes the comedy over the top. Fat people have bellies that usually make it impossible to wear pants at their actual waistline, forcing them to wear them under the belly, thus leaving less pant to cover the crack. Can confirm, am fat. Ever consider wearing suspenders? God's gift to the fat guy. But you can't wear them in most casual situations. cries tears over pizza Not with that attitude. Just be a hipster and wear plaid shirts. Suspenders always go with that. Also the fullest beard you can grow. And brush up on your Unix tips. Dye your hair white. Start writing a series of books. Mercilessly kill all of the characters. And at that point you should just wear flannel and go full Lumberjack Get American flag suspenders and DARE anyone to tell you that wearing them is wrong. But it is wrong. It breaks the US flag code. What about if wear them under your shirt? Like over an undershirt, maybe. Can you not do that? Every day is business day... That's why you gotta learn the chub and tuck. I'm skinny and I struggle with it. I don't have hips or an ass to hold my pants up! A belt only does so much! Thats a belts only purpose. "Can confirm, am fat." Fucking hilarious. Don't you realize that your ass is hanging out n pull it up? Look up extra length t-shirts. Shirt isn't large/long enough. Can confirm, am a bigger guy and wear long shirts. (Sometimes it's from pants being too small as well.) I am unable to get pants that go both over my butt and around my waist properly, even back when I was slim. Pants just aren't made for men with long and large butts. My pair from old Navy have to be pulled up high to go over my butt crack, but then split my testicles in two. Yeah I'm a skinny tall guy with a big round butt. The problem is that most modern cut/slim fitting jeans are actually made to sit low, below the waist, in the first place; so if they are sitting properly in the front they aren't even close to making it around my J Lo sized butt. Long shirts are a must, but again being tall and skinny makes it tough to find properly fitting shirts as I need a medium for a modern fit, and they usually aren't long enough. Luckily, they make extra long undershirts so at worst I'm exposing some backside undershirt and never crack. Though in OPs photo this is not the case, that is just a fat guy in a little shirt. I just want to know how it goes unnoticed for so long. I've got a gut on me and am aware of the epidemic. Whenever I sit down I adjust pants and shirt because I don't want to end up on the front page of reddit. How do these guys not at least feel a breeze? If you notice most aren't wearing belts. I'm a fat guy myself but sometimes even with a belt it happens. I have a very long ass crack, dead serious Ever consider wearing suspenders? God's gift to the fat guy. But you can't wear them in most casual situations. cries tears over pizza Not with that attitude. Just be a hipster and wear plaid shirts. Suspenders always go with that. Also the fullest beard you can grow. And brush up on your Unix tips. Dye your hair white. Start writing a series of books. Mercilessly kill all of the characters. And at that point you should just wear flannel and go full Lumberjack Get American flag suspenders and DARE anyone to tell you that wearing them is wrong. But it is wrong. It breaks the US flag code. What about if wear them under your shirt? Like over an undershirt, maybe. Can you not do that? Every day is business day... That's why you gotta learn the chub and tuck. I'm skinny and I struggle with it. I don't have hips or an ass to hold my pants up! A belt only does so much! Thats a belts only purpose. "Can confirm, am fat." Fucking hilarious. Don't you realize that your ass is hanging out n pull it up? Look up extra length t-shirts. God's gift to the fat guy. But you can't wear them in most casual situations. cries tears over pizza Not with that attitude. Just be a hipster and wear plaid shirts. Suspenders always go with that. Also the fullest beard you can grow. And brush up on your Unix tips. Dye your hair white. Start writing a series of books. Mercilessly kill all of the characters. And at that point you should just wear flannel and go full Lumberjack Get American flag suspenders and DARE anyone to tell you that wearing them is wrong. But it is wrong. It breaks the US flag code. What about if wear them under your shirt? Like over an undershirt, maybe. Can you not do that? Every day is business day... Not with that attitude. Just be a hipster and wear plaid shirts. Suspenders always go with that. Also the fullest beard you can grow. And brush up on your Unix tips. Dye your hair white. Start writing a series of books. Mercilessly kill all of the characters. And at that point you should just wear flannel and go full Lumberjack Get American flag suspenders and DARE anyone to tell you that wearing them is wrong. But it is wrong. It breaks the US flag code. What about if wear them under your shirt? Like over an undershirt, maybe. Can you not do that? Every day is business day... Also the fullest beard you can grow. And brush up on your Unix tips. Dye your hair white. Start writing a series of books. Mercilessly kill all of the characters. And at that point you should just wear flannel and go full Lumberjack Dye your hair white. Start writing a series of books. Mercilessly kill all of the characters. And at that point you should just wear flannel and go full Lumberjack But it is wrong. It breaks the US flag code. Thats a belts only purpose. Yeah I'm a skinny tall guy with a big round butt. The problem is that most modern cut/slim fitting jeans are actually made to sit low, below the waist, in the first place; so if they are sitting properly in the front they aren't even close to making it around my J Lo sized butt. Long shirts are a must, but again being tall and skinny makes it tough to find properly fitting shirts as I need a medium for a modern fit, and they usually aren't long enough. Luckily, they make extra long undershirts so at worst I'm exposing some backside undershirt and never crack. Though in OPs photo this is not the case, that is just a fat guy in a little shirt. If you notice most aren't wearing belts. I'm a fat guy myself but sometimes even with a belt it happens. Richard Lundgren. Richard Lundgren I just imagined Richard Lundgren on the phone saying: "Dolph! Dolph, it's Richard. Your cousin, Richard Lundgren. You know that new cosplay you're looking for? Well, look at this!" I'm sorry, it sounded hilarious in my head. Damn nice investigating. God's speed. Richard Lundgren I just imagined Richard Lundgren on the phone saying: "Dolph! Dolph, it's Richard. Your cousin, Richard Lundgren. You know that new cosplay you're looking for? Well, look at this!" I'm sorry, it sounded hilarious in my head. Then she is staying faithful to the original post. she is a pro gamer, so she probably did play some mobas and as we all know, mobas have the most unbiased and welcoming communities on earth man, dunkey was right about league Dunkey was part of the problem. He was banned for being part of the problem. He quit because he's a manchild who couldn't handle that he was punished for being a shithead and actively making the game a worse place for other players on a regular basis. [removed] Before you downvote, this is what Dunkey typed to get banned I dont think people got the joke with that one. Lol I agree. He is funny, but his lack of self awareness when got banned was a bit much. Unless he wasn't being serious and he was just trying to make a quitting video for the views, then the joke's on me. his lack of self awareness when got banned was a bit much. Unless he wasn't being serious "you are a fucking worthless brainded scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are" - Dunkey I don't know man... Who's Dunkey? I probably could go do a Google search, but that's going to throw waaaay too much information at me. I'm hoping someone has a succinct method of telling the story. YouTuber, used to do a lot of LoL videos, now he does games in general, beat Sky in Smash once. He makes popular videos, used to be about lol but then he got banned. i agree with you that he did act like a dickhead, but he's literally doing what everyone else is doing. If riot was actually dedicated to stopping toxicity in their community, they would put an actual system that rewards players for being nice rather than allowing players a limited number of recommendations to give out to friendly people and an unlimited number of chances to report them too. They've been "making examples" out of popular celebrities by banning a few of them personally because of their behavior, to make it looks like they're actively fixing the problem. The problem with this is, you're basically saying "It doesn't matter who does this type of behavior, we'll ban anyone that does something like this." It's very noble and a good idea, but you have to actually follow through with what you've said. It's like when China banned lady gaga from entering their country ever again because they visited the dalai lama. There are probably a shit ton of people in that country that have done the same, but china only cares about looking tough. And another thing, dunkey has been through that rodeo of being treated like shit multiple times before. He's been partnered with machinima, who screwed his channel up good, polaris, who straight up lied to his face about paying his machinima contract fees, youtube screwed him over multiple times, and so on. He just had enough and quit. And besides all that, his next video had a joke of him making fun of himself on how he quit league. so, spaghetti and meatballs. TLDR; NOT EVEN CLOSE BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY I loved his vids but it is really hard to get even a chat ban in that game IMO He was part of that problem too. then why not look at the camera like the original post did? Because some people apparently thought he was praying and completely missed the joke of his contemplative gaze into our souls I play video games and I'm dead inside. It's an accurate cosplay of a pro gamer. It's was like 100+ degrees outside she is a pro gamer, so she probably did play some mobas and as we all know, mobas have the most unbiased and welcoming communities on earth man, dunkey was right about league Dunkey was part of the problem. He was banned for being part of the problem. He quit because he's a manchild who couldn't handle that he was punished for being a shithead and actively making the game a worse place for other players on a regular basis. [removed] Before you downvote, this is what Dunkey typed to get banned I dont think people got the joke with that one. Lol I agree. He is funny, but his lack of self awareness when got banned was a bit much. Unless he wasn't being serious and he was just trying to make a quitting video for the views, then the joke's on me. his lack of self awareness when got banned was a bit much. Unless he wasn't being serious "you are a fucking worthless brainded scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are" - Dunkey I don't know man... Who's Dunkey? I probably could go do a Google search, but that's going to throw waaaay too much information at me. I'm hoping someone has a succinct method of telling the story. YouTuber, used to do a lot of LoL videos, now he does games in general, beat Sky in Smash once. He makes popular videos, used to be about lol but then he got banned. i agree with you that he did act like a dickhead, but he's literally doing what everyone else is doing. If riot was actually dedicated to stopping toxicity in their community, they would put an actual system that rewards players for being nice rather than allowing players a limited number of recommendations to give out to friendly people and an unlimited number of chances to report them too. They've been "making examples" out of popular celebrities by banning a few of them personally because of their behavior, to make it looks like they're actively fixing the problem. The problem with this is, you're basically saying "It doesn't matter who does this type of behavior, we'll ban anyone that does something like this." It's very noble and a good idea, but you have to actually follow through with what you've said. It's like when China banned lady gaga from entering their country ever again because they visited the dalai lama. There are probably a shit ton of people in that country that have done the same, but china only cares about looking tough. And another thing, dunkey has been through that rodeo of being treated like shit multiple times before. He's been partnered with machinima, who screwed his channel up good, polaris, who straight up lied to his face about paying his machinima contract fees, youtube screwed him over multiple times, and so on. He just had enough and quit. And besides all that, his next video had a joke of him making fun of himself on how he quit league. so, spaghetti and meatballs. TLDR; NOT EVEN CLOSE BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY I loved his vids but it is really hard to get even a chat ban in that game IMO He was part of that problem too. then why not look at the camera like the original post did? Because some people apparently thought he was praying and completely missed the joke of his contemplative gaze into our souls Dunkey was part of the problem. He was banned for being part of the problem. He quit because he's a manchild who couldn't handle that he was punished for being a shithead and actively making the game a worse place for other players on a regular basis. [removed] Before you downvote, this is what Dunkey typed to get banned I dont think people got the joke with that one. Lol I agree. He is funny, but his lack of self awareness when got banned was a bit much. Unless he wasn't being serious and he was just trying to make a quitting video for the views, then the joke's on me. his lack of self awareness when got banned was a bit much. Unless he wasn't being serious "you are a fucking worthless brainded scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are" - Dunkey I don't know man... Who's Dunkey? I probably could go do a Google search, but that's going to throw waaaay too much information at me. I'm hoping someone has a succinct method of telling the story. YouTuber, used to do a lot of LoL videos, now he does games in general, beat Sky in Smash once. He makes popular videos, used to be about lol but then he got banned. i agree with you that he did act like a dickhead, but he's literally doing what everyone else is doing. If riot was actually dedicated to stopping toxicity in their community, they would put an actual system that rewards players for being nice rather than allowing players a limited number of recommendations to give out to friendly people and an unlimited number of chances to report them too. They've been "making examples" out of popular celebrities by banning a few of them personally because of their behavior, to make it looks like they're actively fixing the problem. The problem with this is, you're basically saying "It doesn't matter who does this type of behavior, we'll ban anyone that does something like this." It's very noble and a good idea, but you have to actually follow through with what you've said. It's like when China banned lady gaga from entering their country ever again because they visited the dalai lama. There are probably a shit ton of people in that country that have done the same, but china only cares about looking tough. And another thing, dunkey has been through that rodeo of being treated like shit multiple times before. He's been partnered with machinima, who screwed his channel up good, polaris, who straight up lied to his face about paying his machinima contract fees, youtube screwed him over multiple times, and so on. He just had enough and quit. And besides all that, his next video had a joke of him making fun of himself on how he quit league. so, spaghetti and meatballs. TLDR; NOT EVEN CLOSE BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY I loved his vids but it is really hard to get even a chat ban in that game IMO He was part of that problem too. [removed] Before you downvote, this is what Dunkey typed to get banned I dont think people got the joke with that one. Lol I agree. He is funny, but his lack of self awareness when got banned was a bit much. Unless he wasn't being serious and he was just trying to make a quitting video for the views, then the joke's on me. his lack of self awareness when got banned was a bit much. Unless he wasn't being serious "you are a fucking worthless brainded scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are" - Dunkey I don't know man... Who's Dunkey? I probably could go do a Google search, but that's going to throw waaaay too much information at me. I'm hoping someone has a succinct method of telling the story. YouTuber, used to do a lot of LoL videos, now he does games in general, beat Sky in Smash once. He makes popular videos, used to be about lol but then he got banned. i agree with you that he did act like a dickhead, but he's literally doing what everyone else is doing. If riot was actually dedicated to stopping toxicity in their community, they would put an actual system that rewards players for being nice rather than allowing players a limited number of recommendations to give out to friendly people and an unlimited number of chances to report them too. They've been "making examples" out of popular celebrities by banning a few of them personally because of their behavior, to make it looks like they're actively fixing the problem. The problem with this is, you're basically saying "It doesn't matter who does this type of behavior, we'll ban anyone that does something like this." It's very noble and a good idea, but you have to actually follow through with what you've said. It's like when China banned lady gaga from entering their country ever again because they visited the dalai lama. There are probably a shit ton of people in that country that have done the same, but china only cares about looking tough. And another thing, dunkey has been through that rodeo of being treated like shit multiple times before. He's been partnered with machinima, who screwed his channel up good, polaris, who straight up lied to his face about paying his machinima contract fees, youtube screwed him over multiple times, and so on. He just had enough and quit. And besides all that, his next video had a joke of him making fun of himself on how he quit league. so, spaghetti and meatballs. TLDR; NOT EVEN CLOSE BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY I loved his vids but it is really hard to get even a chat ban in that game IMO Before you downvote, this is what Dunkey typed to get banned I dont think people got the joke with that one. his lack of self awareness when got banned was a bit much. Unless he wasn't being serious "you are a fucking worthless brainded scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are" - Dunkey I don't know man... Who's Dunkey? I probably could go do a Google search, but that's going to throw waaaay too much information at me. I'm hoping someone has a succinct method of telling the story. YouTuber, used to do a lot of LoL videos, now he does games in general, beat Sky in Smash once. He makes popular videos, used to be about lol but then he got banned. Who's Dunkey? I probably could go do a Google search, but that's going to throw waaaay too much information at me. I'm hoping someone has a succinct method of telling the story. YouTuber, used to do a lot of LoL videos, now he does games in general, beat Sky in Smash once. He makes popular videos, used to be about lol but then he got banned. YouTuber, used to do a lot of LoL videos, now he does games in general, beat Sky in Smash once. He makes popular videos, used to be about lol but then he got banned. Because some people apparently thought he was praying and completely missed the joke of his contemplative gaze into our souls Popular video game + female cosplay + neckbeard butt crack + meme reference = perfect storm of Reddit karma. To be fair the original had ~38,000 points probably more since it decays. probably more since it decays. I thought it was from this weekend at Otakon at BCC too. It looks like the balcony thing where they do photoshoots. You are correct, it is. Saw it in the Otakon group earlier today. Can confirm, was Otakon at Baltimore, crossed paths with this girl many times. You are correct, it is. Saw it in the Otakon group earlier today. He received an 18 moth suspension which has since expired. 18 moth Could he still do butterflies in the meantime? I mean if he's into that sort of thing why not. Yes, but the best he could hope for is 2nd place Fact of the day, the plural of Grand Prix is Grand Prix. And he got banned from all sanctioned Magic, from FNM/prerelease up to the Pro Tour, had he been qualified. 18 moth Could he still do butterflies in the meantime? I mean if he's into that sort of thing why not. Yes, but the best he could hope for is 2nd place I mean if he's into that sort of thing why not. Yes, but the best he could hope for is 2nd place Well, the character is from a popular game (Overwatch), and the original post comes from a Magic the Gathering tournament, which I'm not sure is included in this subreddit This is the most upvoted post on /r/funny https://m.imgur.com/a/SjcgE Personally I'd stick my finger in her butthole So brave is her butthole dangerous or something? r/nocontext (◉_◉;） When you nerf this but /r/SheStillSucking... (NSFW) TIL I want her finger in my butthole. I'd even stick my butthole in her finger I'd snot rocket on her tits We all would. That's disgusting. I'd hate to have my finger touch something that so many other peoples' dirty fingers have touched. So brave is her butthole dangerous or something? r/nocontext (◉_◉;） When you nerf this but /r/SheStillSucking... (NSFW) TIL I want her finger in my butthole. I'd even stick my butthole in her finger I'd snot rocket on her tits We all would. That's disgusting. I'd hate to have my finger touch something that so many other peoples' dirty fingers have touched. is her butthole dangerous or something? r/nocontext r/nocontext When you nerf this but /r/SheStillSucking... (NSFW) That's disgusting. I'd hate to have my finger touch something that so many other peoples' dirty fingers have touched. She's a character in a video game calls D.va. Her story is she's is a 19 year old professional start craft player in Korea, when her government gave her a mech suit to find a robot invasion This is a ridiculous plot, I like it. That's the spirit This is a ridiculous plot, I like it. That's the spirit That's the spirit Hmm... Well in up skirt the "photographer" has to go out of there way to get the shot, where in Crack shots the "victim" is shamed for lack of consideration of social norms Indeed I've partied with this guy a many. He's a really nice dude and a can spit some sick rap. I had two videos on my phone of him rapping at a house party we threw. Fresh Breeze Movement for life! Columbus represent! No, D.va is a fictional character, it is who the lady is dressed up as, D.va is from Overwatch thicc af Don't worry love. That guy probably couldn't recognize himself. Spin the camera angle. Enhance. Focus on the reflection of the cup. ID him. Jesus Christ its Jason Bourne. and if he does? He will pull his pants up? Spin the camera angle. Enhance. Focus on the reflection of the cup. ID him. Jesus Christ its Jason Bourne. and if he does? He will pull his pants up? He will pull his pants up? Wow if the game had a dick, how deep would you say it would be in your mouth? Slightly peaking out the ass I think it's starting second lap already. You mean throat. You mean esophagus You mean stomach When her stomach acids burn you /r/bigdickproblems Don't worry. Nobody is going to beat your record. Your comment could apply to any of the 3 million blizzard white knight fanboys in reddit I'd personally have Overwatch's dick in my mouth 24/7. This is one of those advertisement posts they were talking about. Fucking settle the fuck down, Blizzard marketing guy. It's because blizzard made it, no blizzard games have ever done badly and all become pretty much part of game culture. Everyone knows about wow, diablo has huge fanbase, starcraft is still referenced "you must construct additional pylons, zerg rush etc". Same with Bethesda games, Overwatch wasnt gonna be different. Heroes of the storm begs to differ. well its an amalgamation of all the IPs thrown into a genre that other games do better, so nothing really unique about it to remember Fuck Heroes of the Storm, and Fuck Overwatch for being the primary reason for why I say fuck Heroes of the storm. The game was fun until blizzard fucked the game up with dumb Overwatch heroes that completely destroyed the game for a lot of people. What do you mean by the last part? Didn't they only add tracer and a widowmaker skin? Well, it's not doing terribly. It just hasn't taken off like hotcakes. Growing up, the 'Blizzard' title was the only one i would look out for. And that was in the 90s. Remember when everyone said that the only thing that could beat WoW's numbers would be another Blizzard game and people dismissed the idea? Fast forward to 2016 and... Pokemon is all over the top posts though. Well yeah. It's Pokemon! It didn't beat League of legends (maybe in the launch) but atm lol is far a head. What you are refering to is net cafes... net cafes don't make even an 5% of the player base in Korea or anywhere else. No, it's still beating League. https://pvplive.net/c/overwatch-becomes-the-fastest-selling-pc-game-of-a " On the back of all of the news with various top esports teams picking up top Overwatch players, and the Overwatch World Cup being announced, comes news that Overwatch now has over 15 million players globally. Industry analyst Daniel Ahmad reports the following about Overwatch's success: This makes it the fastest selling PC game of all time, surpassing the previous record holder, Blizzard's own Diablo III. And about those numbers in Korean PC bangs? They're still beating League of Legends by a sizable margin (and growing). " Read the entire article and still don't beat lol, lol had around 32 million player base in 2014 before the servers of Brasil/LAS/LAN/Africa/South Africa/Japan. http://majorleagueoflegends.s3.amazonaws.com/lol_infographic.png Net cafes means less than 5% of the player base... We're not talking about overall players, we're talking about people actively playing. Concurrent users. Slightly peaking out the ass I think it's starting second lap already. You mean throat. You mean esophagus You mean stomach When her stomach acids burn you /r/bigdickproblems Don't worry. Nobody is going to beat your record. Your comment could apply to any of the 3 million blizzard white knight fanboys in reddit I'd personally have Overwatch's dick in my mouth 24/7. This is one of those advertisement posts they were talking about. I think it's starting second lap already. You mean esophagus You mean stomach When her stomach acids burn you /r/bigdickproblems You mean stomach When her stomach acids burn you /r/bigdickproblems When her stomach acids burn you /r/bigdickproblems Heroes of the storm begs to differ. well its an amalgamation of all the IPs thrown into a genre that other games do better, so nothing really unique about it to remember Fuck Heroes of the Storm, and Fuck Overwatch for being the primary reason for why I say fuck Heroes of the storm. The game was fun until blizzard fucked the game up with dumb Overwatch heroes that completely destroyed the game for a lot of people. What do you mean by the last part? Didn't they only add tracer and a widowmaker skin? Well, it's not doing terribly. It just hasn't taken off like hotcakes. Growing up, the 'Blizzard' title was the only one i would look out for. And that was in the 90s. well its an amalgamation of all the IPs thrown into a genre that other games do better, so nothing really unique about it to remember Fuck Heroes of the Storm, and Fuck Overwatch for being the primary reason for why I say fuck Heroes of the storm. The game was fun until blizzard fucked the game up with dumb Overwatch heroes that completely destroyed the game for a lot of people. What do you mean by the last part? Didn't they only add tracer and a widowmaker skin? Well, it's not doing terribly. It just hasn't taken off like hotcakes. What do you mean by the last part? Didn't they only add tracer and a widowmaker skin? Well yeah. It's Pokemon! No, it's still beating League. https://pvplive.net/c/overwatch-becomes-the-fastest-selling-pc-game-of-a " On the back of all of the news with various top esports teams picking up top Overwatch players, and the Overwatch World Cup being announced, comes news that Overwatch now has over 15 million players globally. Industry analyst Daniel Ahmad reports the following about Overwatch's success: This makes it the fastest selling PC game of all time, surpassing the previous record holder, Blizzard's own Diablo III. And about those numbers in Korean PC bangs? They're still beating League of Legends by a sizable margin (and growing). " Read the entire article and still don't beat lol, lol had around 32 million player base in 2014 before the servers of Brasil/LAS/LAN/Africa/South Africa/Japan. http://majorleagueoflegends.s3.amazonaws.com/lol_infographic.png Net cafes means less than 5% of the player base... We're not talking about overall players, we're talking about people actively playing. Concurrent users. Read the entire article and still don't beat lol, lol had around 32 million player base in 2014 before the servers of Brasil/LAS/LAN/Africa/South Africa/Japan. http://majorleagueoflegends.s3.amazonaws.com/lol_infographic.png Net cafes means less than 5% of the player base... We're not talking about overall players, we're talking about people actively playing. Concurrent users. We're not talking about overall players, we're talking about people actively playing. Concurrent users. This just in: all of Reddit is a single person. Nah, I think it's fine to body shame everyone equally. why is this still a thing, you are literally just making fun of other peoples insecurities. It might create some insecurities but it's not mocking any right now. If these weren't fat men the internet would be outraged about this kind of joke, but for some reason that makes it ok. This is true. Show pictures of women's buttcracks would be seen as creepy and no one cares if you mock a fat guy. Didn't the guy get banned from magic tournaments for doing this? 18 month suspension and he was apparently a tournament organizer for his store. That probably screwed him harder than just a tamp ban. and still people don't see anything wrong with what he was doing? He wasn't doing anything wrong. He didn't show anyone's faces. No one wants to see dudes buttcracks. I play magic, and am a big white dude with a beard. I could probably cosplay as this guy with little effort. I always have a hoodie with me to hang over the bad of my chair so no one see my buttcrack. I wish more people would do the same thing. He was bringing awareness to a minor inconvenience that is easily solved but because it got popular Wizards decided to take action as it was bad PR. If he had shown their faces or used their names then I would agree that he was harassing people. If my buttcrack was online I would be just embarassed enough to bring a hoodie but not enough to want him banned. Other people insecurities? They just need better belts. The haters are just jealous cause they lack the crack. If it weren't "fat guys", people would be upset?! No they wouldn't be, them being fat has nothing to do with it. Pull up your pants. Especially ones like this where it's just the same skintight suit Do you even know what D. Va wears? It's either this, or these girls need to start building mechs to cosplay in. Somehow, I don't think that's very affordable. I'll need to see more to know if I am sick of it. That's the target. I remember him, he was off base nine years ago. Bring 'em home, Boss! Queue infuriating 10 min chase You could get into a box and walk to him. He'll run up to you (still in the box) and then salute and then you're free to Fulton him away Boss... It is you! I was always impressed by the emotion in that scene. Almost made me cry the first time I did that lol maybe it's because I played and actually enjoyed Ground Zeroes hahaha Ground Zeroes is amazingly what got me into the series. If you like that shit, you gotta check out the rest of the series, man. MGS HD collection if you can! I'm on PC so feelsbadman wish I could get the MGS HD collection lol There are MGS and MGS2 PC ports (or emulation might work). The MGS2 port had sound issues last time I tried to play it though. Fair enough. I'll check them out! Neither port was supported very well, nor are they available on steam and they require some work to get running on a modern PC. Hope these links help! MGS https://www.reddit.com/r/metalgearsolid/comments/4qlv1c/final_full_release_metal_gear_solid_1_integral_pc/ MGS2 http://mgsforums.com/topic/7412109/1/ http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Metal_Gear_Solid_2:_Substance MGS3 (using emulator) http://wiki.pcsx2.net/index.php/Metal_Gear_Solid_3:_Snake_Eater It's a bigger deal of you played Peace Walker. You spend the entire game building Motherbase just to have Cypher blow it up in Ground Zeroes. The feels... IIRC playing Love Deterrence on speaker also works. [deleted] A queue is a line. A cue is a sign to start. As in, "That's my cue!" Or you're British and trying to check out at Tesco in the middle of a rush. As in, "That's my queue!" Or one shot in the head with the sniper tranq gun before he aggros. Or you could just play that one song and have them walk right up to you. MSF were trained in special evasion tactics. Emphasis on the special. Oh god! I'm just starting to play MGS 5 too! And you have no idea how much I needed that laugh right now. Thanks fellow redditor! When you go to find the lost soldiers, put the box on your head and walk up to them they will immediately recognize you and you don't have to chase. Would have been nice to know months ago. Or play that tape of the one chick (the French one) humming/singing on through speaker. Wow. Well that answer was so simple yet almost unthinkable... I was doing okay with the tranq snipe but this is easier lol. When you get a wanderering soldier with picture. Go to the medical platform and search for a door that will open. If I am right. I am not gonna spoil it BO RAI CHO!!! FATALITY!!!! Enemy using "special" forces... The Germans are digging further and further below the bottom of the barrel for fresh recruits... Well they did end up using some of the French /s Aside from WWII, aren't the French known for their tenacious and successful military history? Yup. For centuries France was the strongest military force in mainland Europe. I mean, Napoleon is one of the most successful generals in world history. The meme is really only based on post German formation Europe, where things have kinda gone downhill for their military rep. Their military reputation was heavily affected for not getting involved in the war in Iraq. The US was really butthurt by the fact, and among other things renamed french fries to freedom fries and began backtalking the French military. France was one of many nations who surrendered in WW2. After WW1 the population was pretty sick of war and they didn't want another meaningless slaughter. The US didn't even get involved until the end, Great Britain was protected by the sea, and Russia was even allied with Germany at the start. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule, we shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender, and if, which I do not for a moment believe, this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our Empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British Fleet, would carry on the struggle, until, in God's good time, the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old. Is anyone else hard right now? But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Not until I read your username. It would be stranger if you weren't. This gave me goosebumps But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Aye... and the Brits dealt with a lot of weird, new, and terrifying methods of attack (such as the V2 program) and still held steadfast! Churchill was going to sacrifice Scotland to the Nazis True story. Like, on an alter? No, on an altar. for realsies? Churchill also hated Stalin and the USSR and wanted to preemptively drop a nuke on Russia. True store. Churchill didn't own Scotland. True story. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Irish person here - I can attribute that the british rarely give up...places/things that they stole. True story Yes just like when the saxons invaded, or when the Vikings invaded, or when the Norman's invaded. You guys have an impeccable record if I do say so myself. The UK was founded in 1707. Long after all of those invasions. England was only ever (fully) conquered once and that was by the the Normans. Otherwise areas of England were taken, but never the entirety. We then employed our secret weapon and absorbed the invaders, including aspects of their cultures that were beneficial and of course any technology they brought, also words/ideas from their language. So like China ? You are borg... Considering modern Britons have all those groups as ancestors I don't really know who you think "you guys" are. We are the true, pure, throughbred race of germanic/celtic/Scandinavian/latin people that are the brittish! IN THE NAME OF THE EMPRESS! ROYAL MEHREEEENS! The last successful invasion of the British isles was the Norman invasion in fucking 1066. I know it's an island, but if it's been almost 1600 years since you've been truly invaded, they must be doing something right. Edit: so apparently it's 2016 and not 2600. Unrelated question, anyone happen to see a delorean around? 2016-1066=1600 years? I think you're forgetting about the Kalaxian infiltration during the 3rd Amalthean Congress in 2366. Just because they were mind-controlling insects, and managed to take over in secret doesn't mean it wasn't a successful invasion. i'm confused by your math France probably suffered the worst out of all the countries in WWI. Most of the Western Front was on French soil. The English have never really experienced total warfare like the French. This calls for the British version of MURICA!!!!! That would be BRITAIN!!!!! RULE BRITANNIA!!!! renamed french fries to freedom fries This was never really serious, they are still called french fries or just fries began backtalking the French military This definitely began before the Iraq War I'm not sure people in France were even offended by the freedom fries since we all know that fries are belgian ;) If I recall correctly, the American stereotype of the French always surrendering started during the Vietnam War when the French backed out of Vietnam because they thought the war couldn't be won. I do think the idea was solidified, especially among younger people who were not around during the Vietnam War, when France refused to invade Iraq with the US. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany...and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is why france was overrun and surrendered in record time. They deserve the flack the get for idiotic military tactics, Hell they should get more flack. Whilst this is true and the reason for their quick surrender it benefits from hindsight which makes their decision to rely on the Maginot line stupid but at the time was sensible. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. The line extended through belgium and they fully expected the Germans to pass through the lowlands. So they could reinforce the line when they did. But the Germans were faster then expected. Also the lack of reserves for holding up the German army was also partly because no one expected Germany to rebuild their military so quickly either. That time period was one where military technology took a great leap forward. Many of the presumptions made by the French was on a war similar to WWI where warfare was slow and land had to be gained inch by inch. How could they be expected to account 20 years into the future where tanks and planes had increased so greatly and could circumvent natural terrain so easily? Idiotic now? Yeah for sure. Back then probably not. They were probably just thinking how the hell it happened. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. Not even the Germans. Unimaginable warfare? Driverless cars bringing terminators in on our interstates, occupying the highways to control food and flow of people. The city can be occupied in hours with this tactic. While it was considered by the Belgians, that Germany would move trough Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands the French and English ignored their warnings. Swiss intelligence also detected several tank divisions and warned the French; who again ignored those warnings. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Wrong. The wall was built so that a direct attack was impossible, forcing Germany to invade either Belgium or Switzerland to attack, making their diplomatic position untenable while forcing the UK to come to French aid. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany They didn't extend the wall through the Belgium border for several reasons, the most important two of which was that the wall was a gargantuanly expensive project, which was seen as unneeded as the time it took for the Germans to plow through Belgium would allow the French to move in to help, keeping the war and devastation away from French soil. Secondly, diplomatically speaking, building the wall through Belgium would be sending the signal to Belgium and other countries Germany invaded, that France was leaving them as cannon fodder for Germany, to be occupied at will. The diplomatic consequences of this would be severe, and affect France even the war started, as a Belgian government aware of such a fact would much more readily cooperate with the Germans and against the French to prevent needless slaughter. and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. The Germans had already went around the position where the wall was built in WW1, before the wall was built. If they hadn't built any wall, the Germans would still have come from Belgium, if they wanted to defeat France. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is so patently false on all accounts, it's mindboggling how you decided the need to make your post. The French were defeated because the Germans made several feints in Belgium and attacked the Netherlands specifically with the purpose of luring the French army into Belgium and the Netherlands, while the faster sections of the German army, namely their tank divisions, snuck through a heavily forested area in Belgium, under heavy air superiority cover. Once they were out of the forest, the French army defending that section was considerably light, since they presumed the Germans couldn't come from there without being spotted or with the need for heavy regrouping, which would allow the French forces to rebalance. The problem with this theory is that it failed to taking into account the mobility of the new tank forces. Once the tanks were out, they drove to the coast (Not around the wall as you ignorantly speak), to trap the French and British armies who had advanced to Belgium and the Netherlands, and then to attack those armies from all sides until they surrendered. Neither the best units nor most of the army was posted on the wall, since the wall was impregnable, and the best units were not needed there. Spot on, damn. Most of the "best units" like the BEF and Foreign Legion were preparing to take the fight to Germany in the Low countries. The french had the mentality that the second world War if there was one would be like the first. Long and static. They deployed their tanks (which at that time were considered pretty good, at least better then the light German tanks.) As supportive roles with infantry. Basically the Germans learned from the hell hole that was the western front during ww1, the french spent most their resources on outdated tactics while Germans developed new ones like Blitzkrieg. The french spent billions to make a super trench in alsace. Only time it was truly used was when the allies invaded france, the Germans occupied it and turned their defenses against them, ironically. It's funny to think that while Germans were preparing for a blitz of Europe, the french had special rooms for their soldiers to get a nice tan in underground tanning rooms in the maginot line and plant flowers on the surface to keep up morale. I think the founding of Germany is the mark of the french militaries fall from prestige. They based their defenses on the assumption that Belgium wouldn't disappear in a second. Nothing withstood blitzkrieg. Except the Russian winter. That withstood blitzkrieg. Other than that, nothing. I mean, apart from the English channel. That was kind of effective too. TL;DR don't share a border with a dangerous superpower This is a vast oversimplification of recent military history, ignoring some major points like Frances loss in Vietnam, and unwillingness to cooperate with NATO during the cold war sometimes. And no, the French did not concede WWII to the Germans to prevent a "meaningless slaughter". The French are kind of big on Sovereignty and being French, which is why they had such a major resistance force against the Germans. US didn't get involved until the end Russia was even allied with Germany at the start You're conflating facts from both wars into one. The US joined near the end for WW1, but fairly early on WW2 Russia was against Germany in WW1 from beginning but had non-aggression pacts with them at beginning of WW2 After Japan dropped a whole bunch of fuck you how about that on Hawaii... fairly early on WW2 More than two years in. And it didn't exactly 'join'. Japan and Germany declared war on it. It went like this. Japan declared war on the U.S.---U.S. declared war on Japan---Germany declared war on U.S. ----U.S. declared war on Germany. More than two years in. The U.S. was fighting a proxy war funneling money and guns to the allies since the start. They just didn't send their troops until the end of the first 1/3 of the war. Please correct me if I'' wrong here. This memory is from a jr high report and it's been over 20 years. I understand that Russia and Germany were in a non-aggression stance on the eve of world war 2, but wasn't this simply a temporary thing resulting from their recent proxy war involvement in the Spanish civil war? As in, they just finished an unofficial fight and had called a truce after it became clear that Francisco Franco was going to win? Again, I'm working from an old memory here so feel free to correct me. You're thinking of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. It was a 10 year non-aggression pact, but the main thing people usually talk about with it (other than Germany breaking it with Operation Barbarossa) is that it contained secret protocols where the two countries agreed to remain neutral if the other went to war with a another country, and they divided Finland, the Balkans, and Poland into German and Russian spheres of influence. Germany got Ostpreußen, Lithuania, and about a third of Poland, and the USSR got the rest of Poland, Estonia, Latvia, and Finland. So it's correct to say they had a non-aggression pact at the beginning of World War 2, but the practical reality was that they basically flat-out agreed that they were both about to engage in some imperialistic warfare, and they emboldened and helped each other by clarifying the boundaries in advance. Calling it just a non-aggression pact is downplaying the parts that were really important, and which were kept secret until after the war. Sort of. They negotiated a defensive pact and the carving up of Poland and the Baltic states just before the outbreak of war in Europe. Hitler needed to guarantee peace on his eastern flank while he attacked France, he also needed Russian grain to feed the Germans. Stalin lacked heavy machinery and weaponry to protect against Japan and to aid in their industrialisation, so got that in exchange. It was way more than just an old cease fire agreement. The reason they had a NAP was more then just to carve up territory. Yes they both wanted lost territory from the first world War, but they had made other arrangements much more historically significant. Stalin agreed to let the Wehrmacht and Luftwaffe to test and develope combat vehicles in their territory, because the Versailles treaty didn't allow for Germany to do this at home. They basically found a loop hole, a secret loop hole that wasnt shared with the world at the time Stalin had his reasons too however, he had just purged his command structure (look up stains purges) and required time to recoup his losses. Basically they both new they'd end up fighting (Stalin was a little more optimistic to how soon it would come though) and needed time to revitalize their militaries. The Winter War is proof of how badly the purges effected the soviet army. Not really re the USA. WW2 is traditionally defined as starting Sep 1 1939 when Germany invaded Poland (some historians now give 1937 as a start date: Japan's invasion of China). The USA didn't enter until Dec 7 1941 after Pearl Harbor. That is 25 months after the traditional start. From then it was 45 months until the Japanese surrender - so the USA didn't come into the war until well after a third of the way through. That isn't really "fairly early on" (though it is compared with their entry into WW1). Re Russia: the "non-aggression pact" with Nazi Germany was significantly more than that, in that it included an agreement to carve up Poland. It could be said that in that campaign at least they were allies as they fought against a mutual enemy, and there was military (training especially) and logistical/supply (food & materiel transports) assistance bundled into the pact. In fact, supplies were still being sent from the USSR to Germany when Barbarossa began in June 1941. T be fair Britain was on par with France for the majority of European history and even defeated them a few times. France surrendered to preserve Paris so it wouldn't be destroyed. I don't know if they've necessarily gone downhill. I feel like after WWII and the sharing of resources with NATO, it's difficult for one European military to really stand out in this day and age. Maybe aside from the UK because they seem to get lumped into whatever the US is doing. But anyways, I think France is still up there in military power. I'd say they're in the top 5. Above the UK. Above the UK By what metrics? Above the UK. Really? I thought we were more or less on an equal footing with them, not above. Tell me why do you think France is above? Equipments are of the same generation and we both have nukes, as well as submarines capable of launching them. Am I forgetting/missing/don't know something? They're known for having tanks with 6 reverse gears. Why does it have 6 pedals if there's only 4 directions? Church? Is that you? Ach! You killed Church you team killing fucktard. You haven't learned to make your tank turn up yet? You kids with your damn lingo. Turn down, turn up. I don't understand. You either turn down, for what? or turn up for yourself. Simple as that. Turn down, turn up? What is so simple about this!?!?! Are we in space, which has no direction!?!!?!?! I don't understand your code! Turn down for what? turn up for what? turn up for what? Fucking RVB /r/UnexpectedRedvBlue You disappoint me with your fake subs. I read this and still clicked the link...... It's going to be a long day There's a saying in France, it goes "put your best foot forward, but with your other five feet, be prepared to retreat!" I have never even been to France. You are from the internet so I believe you. The problem with quotes from the internet you can never be certain of they're authentic. - Abraham Lincoln It's a legitimate strategy. Simmons! Hwat in the sam hell is a pooma? Firing Main Cannon We all read this in her voice. Firing Main Cannon. I understood that reference Omg red vs blue, that was the fucking funniest line hahahaa It's a tactical repositioning. I was told that about the Italians... They have the best win/loss record of any country. That's a good W/L but what about their K/D? You see comrade, when you have large manpower like Russia, you don't needings many killings. Just throw men at enemy until enemy has no ammo. Ah, the Zap Brannigan maneuver! Their KD was awful. Yep, mostly because their Generals didn't give a shit about the soldiers, knowing there will be plenty to take their position. They ordered suicidal attacks, knowing they would send thousands of men into certain death, only to keep the Germans busy and break through somewhere else. Stalin actively encouraged that behaviour with his Order 227 "No Step Back". Also, their industry was pretty basic and couldn't support such a large army; they relied heavily on Lend-Lease shipments from the USA. TIL Russia's strategies are very similar to how I play battlefield Yeah I play the same way, I keep throwing myself into way over extended positions where I know I'm gunna die and just try to thin them out enough for a push through Ah, the ole "Zapp Brannigan" strategem. It's a bold move Cotton. Seems like something a random German would want them to do... It went down after the russian invasion Shh. We don't talk about that around here. At the beginning of WWII the french were considered to have one of the more powerful armies. It was a combination of superior german tactics and some silly french generals that led to such a quick defeat. The Maginot line doomed them completely, and all because they assumed that fucking Hitler wouldn't try going through Belgium. Yeah they were. They only reason France surrendered so quickly was because the country was pretty much leveled during WWI. They were no were near recovered. So they "gave" up and citizens went underground to from the Resistance. Only real choice they had I loved the usage of the word tenacious in this context, exquisite! Thank you! I originally used a different word there, but quickly realized that it didn't fit. I almost left it at just 'successful' but I felt 'tenacious' was a good fit. They had a really good record until Napoleon showed up. It depends on how you rate success. France had the most powerful military in Europe for a long time and frequently won short-term victories. But it is striking that it was never able to secure its place as top dog despite this. For example, one way of seeing Napoleon's career is as a striking succession of dramatic French victories with a couple of losses at the end. Another way to see it is as a string of preliminary victories that served no ultimate strategic end and that led only to complete disaster and defeat for France. That aside, there is no question that France's military history has plenty of glory to go about and is really only tarnished by the collapse at the start of WWII and by the similar collapse in the Franco-Prussian war. I believe under Napoleon, they have the best military record in modern European history. But I'm English so they'll always be cheese-eating surrender monkeys in my heart. Napleon got all the badass French killed. Yes , apparently the concept of coward frenchies is a new thing from ww2. When in reality they just came out a bloody war and knew what would come from it. So opted not to repeat it. Prior to that the French where held with high regard in terms of military power I would imagine. The obviouse one being Napoleon. They had the best ground military in WW1 and 2. The German high command were stunned with their victories in 1940 as was the whole world. That would be us Canadians. Historically one of the most successful military forces on the face of the planet! Even during WWII they shown resilience and fine tactical strategy as a country in covert rebellion Even in WWII they were extremely tenacious. People joking about the French surrendering etc are people with little to no knowledge of WWII history - The French lost hundreds of thousands trying to hold off the Nazi's, they sacrificed so much that in the end surrender was the only option left to them. Even in WW2. France may have been annexed, but the French Resistance was awesome. Exactly. The French took the brunt of WWI casualties and was considered the sword of the allies in that conflict. A lost generation of men later, and the German bombardment of civilian targets, greatly affected fighting spirit in WWII. They were until Napoleon died, then all of French tactical thought ended promptly. Yes, and even IN WW2 the free french resistance forces were BAMFs, and the french army held off the Nazis in North Africa for years Can someone explain the /s? I cant tell if you are being sarcastic or not.. I am not, I've seen people putting that at the end of their posts but I have no idea, thanks for explaining it It is the sarcasm tag meaning that sarcasm is over now. They really did though. And at least one very unfortunate Korean man Who were the last soldiers to defend Berlin against russians at the end of WW2, so not so bottom of the barrel except morally Furher and furher wrong war Well, they still spoke German back then. Yes they did . . Well they did end up using some of the French /s Edit: This is a double post. It's fucking staying. Viva Le France. You double commented, might wanna delete this one. Edit: I only said this cause his score was negative at the time I posted this. Oh well. Don't you fucking tell them how to run their life. Wat you say to me m8? You wanna be like that guy in op's gif? /s yeah gonna stabb u o rly? Yis rly U know what skool i went 2 m8? not only Germans do this IZ OK. SPECIAL TACTICS. Is this a vintage 2011 era white Ra starcraft 2 meme? Wow I never would have imagined. Obviously a seasoned meme connoisseur like myself instantly recognized it... Memes arent always best served fresh, obviously a meme connoisseur such as yourself relishes in the delight of a dank vintage meme. 01/20/1999 http://www.theonion.com/article/clinton-deploys-very-special-forces-to-iraq-645 My boss either knows I'm slacking, or thinks that I find programming hilariously funny. That article was fucking 10/10. This is even better then what i was going to say, good one :D And now i forgot what i was going to say due to laughter Drunkmaster Flex The "special" forces won't every let you downs Looked like chivalry for a minute there FOR AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AGAAAAATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaAaAAAAaA! Edit: Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! God, I love that they gave you a button to just scream incoherently at your opponent. I was trying to convince my friend to buy Chivalry (I'd just bought it myself) and the "scream your head off" button was what convinced him it was worth it. That's my favorite button in real life. FOR THE ORRRRDDDDEEEEERRRR Being killed by a random crossbow bolt noises FALRAK IS A DOOOOOOOOOOB FALRAK IS A DUUUUUUUUUUUDE thats what I always thought he was saying Video for reference. Holy shit im dying of laughter HHHYYYYYEEEEEAAAAAAAAAARRGGHH Lol yep, nailed it. My favorite was the gurgling sound of PCs drowning in their own blood. Quite satisfies my bloodlust. For the Odooooooooor HELLLLLLLLLLLLPPP!!!! HHEEEELLLLLPPPP MEEEEE!!!! HEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLPPPPPPP!!!! Also a good one from the knights: NO, MY LORD. NO. NO! NOOOO MY LORD. Lol, never got tired of spamming that one. Haha that edit COMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHER THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANK YOU BROTHER Yes my lord! Yes my lord! Yes my lord! No my lord! Yes my lord! No! No! Yes my lord! Yes! No! Hahahaha! Yes my lord! OH YES. AYE. YES MY LORD. YUS! OF COURSE. THEY'RE TAKING THE HOBBITS TO ISENGAARD, THEY'RE TAKING THE HOBBITS TO ISENGAARD, -GAARD, -GAA-oh sorry wrong game. https://youtu.be/fGOKYImVuIA This was my LOTR class in high school...best time of my life. IF YOU'RE TRYING TO FIGHT ME, YOU'RE GOING THE WRONG WAY! THAT'S A PRETTY BIG SWORD, YOU COMPENSATING FOR SOMETHING? "The battle's this way, gorgeous!" "Oh my, aren't you handsome? Better not turn my back on you." I swear the Agathian archer was so gay COME HERE SQUIRE, I NEED SOME HELP WITH MY CODPIECE! Your wife provided fitter sport. AGATHAAA FOREVERRRRRRR! Remember the Cant! Fucking Martians! KILL THOSE ARCHERS!!! MAKE US PURE Not enough spinning overhand power attacks. Great mechanic physics wise, fucking worst mechanic gameplay wise ever. Beyblade: Medieval Warfare This is someone who put 500 hours in and got real good. Now I'm just waiting for Mordhau. I'm terrible at it, but there's no way you got real good after only 500 hours Everytime i go back to chivalry I enjoy the first few fights then there is always that one nobhead who does the instant 180 crouch overhead followed by a normal overhead that is delayed as fuck but when you block at what looks like the right time their sword just stays in the air until you get hit. I miss the LMB fuck fest when that game was first released. Early Chivalry when nobody knew how to play was so fucking incomparably fun. It's one of the best times I've ever had with a game easy. The fact that it was so clowny and hilarious and the devs embraced that made for such a perfect product. Spamming the scream button and yelling weird insults at nobody while you teabag your way into the meat grinder never got old. God damn I miss that. Too bad it ended up being one of those lightning in a bottle pan flashes that got too big for it's own good. It's still a perfect lan game. Everyone spamming the scream button ingame AND screaming the voice lines IRL. And nobody uses the OP tactics. So much fun I'm trying to envision this scene, and it seems gloriously ridiculous It really is. Then there's always one guy being salty about archers AAARRRGGaaahhhhhhaaa I fucking loved the japan pack or whatever it was. The ninja dueling was so much fun omg. You mean deadliest warrior? That shit's great, if stupidly unbalanced. Broom 4 lyfe Yup, thats the one. I'm sorry for being that nobhead. I do not forgive you. No honor, shame to you and your family. Honor is for the dead. (or this if you prefer) Out of curiosity though. How do you block it? If somehow you realize what's happening, you could cancel your block and immediately start a new one, and the timing miiiiight be right. If the attack is delayed enough, kick him. And, if it works and stops his attack, xx3 or xx2. The reverse? No good method other than just keeping your distance or having quick reflexes. The drags? Attack fast enough and you'll stagger him (fast weapon), or trade hits (best with big weapon). Also kicks work wonders and seem to be underestimated. Lots and lots of practice, I have 800 hours and still get caught with my pants down sometimes. I'll take those over the idiots that hit-and-runinacircleawayfromyouandbacktowardsyou all day, anytime. [deleted] I almost exclusivity play man at arms and usually win or place top 3. I would run around as Man at arms and started a fire based cult because of the fire pots. Loved it. Over here, squire! I need help with my codpiece. No ma lord! That game's gone downhill ever since they fixed the "TO ME" bug. This is hilarious and the perfect title for this! OH MY GOD THERE’S MORE OF THEM INCOMIIINNNNGGGGGGGGG!!!! YOUR ALL FOAM AND NO MEAD! So glad this is high up, holy shit lolol AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!! it looked like the grim reaper But the gif is only 6 seconds long..... Jesus fuck, that's terrifying. Yeah, more like Silent Hill style. There was a hole here... It's gone now. FUCK I've screamed and jumped off the couch getting bayoneted a few times in battlefield. It's so sudden and the truly scary part is the hellish scream that they have. It's like they got real audio of someone getting gutted to death. EA chose from customer reactions to their business decisions over the years "We record your calls for better audio samples in our future games. Thank you for your patience" Somewhere there's a game sound effects engineer taking pride in this comment. He should. They deserve it. Scares the hell out of me, but perhaps I just spook easily. After reaching level 10 Support recently I just switched over to Assault for the first time. It's hilarious running after somebody with the bayonet and satisfying when you get them. KYOJIN I'm in the springtime of my youth! Go walk on your hands or something. Do 500 laps around the village. Whats that green thing moving at 300kmh? This is amazing Imagine the situation U can't do nothing, u gonna die Jesus Crist! ...fuk i ded I'm in tears. Please tell me there are others like this. The link is broken for me! How can I find whatever this was? It was hilarious. http://imgur.com/a/VZ1eV Please tell me there are more of these. WHILE PROCLAIMING YOUR YOUTH TO THE VILLAGE I loved that Guy, what was his name again? Guy. His name was Guy (or Gai, depending on how you want to spell it) He... he capitalized Guy... he clearly knew this. oh Broccoli. Who was the I EMBRACE DEATH WITH OPEN ARMS guy? His father was even greater. http://www.mangapanda.com/naruto/668/6 What a Guy... I'm not your Gai, frend This guy runs up and slaps your girl on the ass, wat do? Nothing. She his girl now. Wife swat Wife swap. no its a custom to swat your girl before giving her to another man to ensure good luck in her new life. [deleted] Dolt. She was a bitch anyways. thank him Lick the area he slappe Have her walk up and apologize to him "Babe, you got this right?" Alright, I've watched this too many times not to ask: What is going on with that player? Is it the fire? Is it the whiskey he had with the other privates in the trench? How is that possible in the game? It's a glitch. The enemies recoil when they are shot (this is a feature). Sometimes when revived after death, the recoil animation continues, even if they aren't being shot at. TIL being drunk is a lot like getting shot. Thanks for the explanation, I was wondering what was going on.. It's a lot like getting hit in the belly or kicked in the nuts. You recoil/react. Imagine that with a bullet to the shoulder or something similar. Now imagine you glitching and that happening constantly. That's basically what you're seeing here. I hate when I'm constantly doing my day to day and I'm stuck in a glitch like that. Really makes it hard to browse Reddit. Well, you can get drunk by getting shots. Take your upvote It is like getting shot. Some people even drink out of little shot glasses. It's a glitch and a feature. "Undocumented feature" is the term we use around the office for bugs and such. Happy Cake Day! Holy shit, thanks! This is the first one that I haven't totally missed since I started this whole reddit thing. Now, to find some sort of karma-rich content to whore out for my cakeday... Anybody else get the glitch when a medic revives you, your rifle is silent, can't ADS and doesn't have the shooting animation but your bullets still deplete when you pull the trigger? I think I fixed it by switching to the pistol then back to the main. Spawned in as German "Special" Forces The German "Very Special" forces. He looks like doctor strange being pulled around by his cape. Your references are out of control. OP, this is dangerous Everyone says. He's got great references, the BEST references. Everybody says it. Everybody knows it. His references are out of control. My friend - great guy - he says Msief's references are the best, and boy do I really trust this guy about references. Everyone knows that Everyone knows it. "Hey, stop that. Come on." Mr.Doctor https://youtu.be/raFKSZEEjv0 Get down! Golden eye GEDDAN Thank-you for this looks like an abnormal from attack on titan like this? Someone put horror music over this. Horror music/this TIL Master Bo Rai Cho served in WW1 Man he sure lost some weight. Apparently, during the war, he was forced to eat his enemies to inflict fear into the rest. Then he just started eating everything and everyone. First it was to keep the madness and depression away but then he started to like it. Now he's overweight and just drinks the memories away using the farts he has stored in him from his eaten enemies as if he was using their souls as a gas weapon. This is why i had to stop playing these kinds of games... i want to relax when i play, not throw the controller through the tv I would laugh at that rathet than rage about something quite hilarious That's worth at least a ten second rant on my couch. Not Requis skull fucking me, something far less original and equally angry. Dude that's the difference between me and my buddy. Last shooter we played regularly was COD4 on PC so this is our first BF game ever and playing on xbone. We both suck but I think it's hilarious. He hates the game. You don't like games where you have to run around like an idiot and die 50 times a session!? In Battlefield you often have to fight against the urge to swarm and run into the fray, but if you manage, your score is gonna be much better, and much less dying. That said, you still got to GET ON THE GODDAMN POINT, FUCK! But there needs to be retards who swarm for you to do just that. Truth, they're also good for gauging where the enemy is. Think like Magneto Cannon fodder I have the bad luck of fighting all the way across the map, surviving all kinds of bullshit, to get on the point, get it 3/4 of the way captured, and then die from the train 50 miles away out of line of sight, missing the 500 point capture bonus Thats the reason I dont like games like Battlefield although I love shooter games. Thats why I playing Squad. Tactical shooters FTW Yea i was pretty impressed with Rainbow Six Seige. That's the type of tactical game that is much more appealing for me. The DICE games are fun to pick up and play here and there but it's just too silly when you force people to continuously run around over and over. You do realize the game doesn't force you to run around, right? Never gonna run around and huuurt you My life trying to play CS GO as a scrub. Every match has at least one ridiculously OP, aim assisted, wall hacking asshole. And they never show up on my team. You have to find a community. Fuck mm and fuck cas. Small games where we can ban every single child and hacker on the spot is great. I'm a part of one in source so GO is dead to me. I miss playing Source...even 1.6. I know they're both still up and running, but the communities I played in are gone. Don't think it would be the same Mind sharing? I got banned off the one server I had been on for years over something stupid and haven't played since because that's what made the game for me. Just chill people that were good but helped you get better and just had fun. this doesnt seem to be as much of a problem in india... in fact, i've never even encountered a hacker here. Odd, I'd figure India would have hackers. In the Philippines, whee I live, though... If you're on US servers hit me up with your steam ID! I used to be LEM but only play the game casually now. Boost all my silver friends. I hope you're being /s about the aim assisted wall hacking asshole because 99.9% of them aren't they're just miles better than you. Partly why I love NWI's Insurgency and Day of Infamy games. If you're having an off day or don't feel like try harding, it's a ton of fun to go through co-op missions with other players vs. an army of bots. There really needs to be more names were you just defend against bots in coop. It's so satisfying to mow down the hordes, like TF2s Mann vs Machine. Warframe is like that. A bunch of co-op style missions vs bots and it's free on all platforms. It can get a bit repetitive but the movement is so much fun and i personally find gliding through the air sniping bots in the face super relaxing. There's also Horde mode in GoW Do they make gow for real computers yet? left 4 dead killing floor (includes buying guns and toys between rounds) alien swarm (fantastic top down coop shooter, feels like Alien and totally free without freemium bullshit) borderlands (the second one is best by far) Vermintide (first person coop horde game with a melee focus) I played Modern Warfare 2 when it came out. It was my first and last online FPS experience. To begin with it wasn't so bad, but it got progressively harder as other people improved and I stayed at around the same skill level as always. Like a flat line, maybe a sex-seven degree incline. It stopped being fun and I never bought another one. Now I'm casual scum and couldn't be happier. I mean, this guy was shooting near him, not actually shooting him, so I guess he was too relaxed? When my kills are higher than my deaths it makes me unbelievably happy. But the 90% of playtime that I get slaughted without firing a shot makes me feel like a stroppy teenager. No shit you get frustrated when you play this game with a controller. Or any FPS for that matter. Moves like Jagger I hate that song, I can't wait til it's forgotten. MooooOOOOooooOOOOoooooooo OOOoooo ooooves like Jagger I like that you accurately got the onomatopoeia right That song is a guilty pleasure for me Probably the worst Maroon 5 song ever that looks more like a zombie game to me lol hey joe wanna play a zombie game This is some Dark Souls shit. Legit the only thing i could think of All those shots did actually miss. Right? Seems crazy noone else mentioned it. The aim is too low and overshooting every time the player tries to aim. He wasn't aiming for the face ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) That is the point of the drunken master style tho... But seriously the whole point of it is to make your movements unpredictable so your opponent can't anticipate enough to land a blow, sword strike, or get a read on a clear line of fire. Fair point but nothing a bit of spray and pray with a machine gun cant solve :) That was kind of scary lol Fuck, now I can believe Batman and the thugs missing. That cape fucks with your eyes. V for Vendetta sewer scene. Came looking for this comment, wasn't disappointed I had to scroll to find this but I was hoping someone else thought of the sewer scene. Someone really need to put sound on this. "BWRBRLWBGGRLRLGRLGLRGLLL!!!!" Shit looks like moves straight out of cowboy bebop or some shit Which game is that? Battlefield 1 This is why I play Battlefield 1. Frickin' Lahey. Love that mini-map. I would recommend it to anyone playing BF1 to increase it. must be on console because that aim is horrible. If it looks stupid, but works, It's not stupid. You are dead, he is not. A+ for title I am the night. Would love to see how this guys pov looked like This is both hilarious and horrifying. There's just no stopping him. As soon as you see him you KNOW he's going to win. i think i'd get ptsd from playing this "Opie stop!" "Wagalhaalahalahaa" The cape really brings this scene to life Speshul tactics Reminds me of the monsters from Amnesia. Look like he took some training with master Bo Rai Cho "Your technique is lacking" Game title??? Battlefield .... one ( 1 ) ... This is me every game. I can't hit anyone /u/ItsaDnDMonsterNow? reminds me of the vanoss mw3 videos Its obvious why you're using the only automatic medic gun This actually scares the fuck out of me. This is the essence of nightmares. /r/HitBoxPorn That's me right here. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74OBuMA2qEk Nah he's just a Mount and Blade player that has decided to try out BF1. EWWW Buckhorn sights Would never have died on PC. You can't even be mad that he killed you when he does it like that, you know? The way he moves is really unsettling. It reminds me of that creepy Korean webcomic. That was a damned zombie attack! Jesus Christ it's Jason Bourne As devastatingly-unpredictable as lag-fu. It's the way the charge animation works. The guy probably went straight at you on his screen, but it just spazzed out on yours. Basically, you were already dead before you could squeeze the trigger, you just didn't know it yet. That's what you get for being a prone camping little bitch No shit, I was doing research on drunken boxing style for like 5 hours last. It seems like a very cool way to get your dick beat by someone "good" at karate. You never see anyone actually drinking like Jackie Chan though. I'm still much more a fan of Qi-Gong. Lift up, pour down, if ya know know what I mean, m8. get your dick beat by someone "good" at karate Sounds good to me Well, drunken boxing is a distinct martial art called zui quan. Not sure why you called it karate? But knowing the actual name of it might help you find more stuff on the internet. :) I don't know what you mean On top of that it's got nothing on the my dick to your fist style. Lol that maxi map, though. Was the character model actually reacting to being shot? Nope, it usually says "enemy hit" when you shoot them. He may have been reacting to the fire in that building Looks like every shot missed though, the aim was bad. Shit like this happens to me every game, yet I still play... It's like a splicer traveled back in time. Thank you buddy Abyss watchers? Also known as latency issues and button mashing. Wonder how accurate the hitregion mesh is. I should get BF1.... Oh boy, this is golden! Looks funny now, but when that happened to me in game I would be tilted off the planet. This is insanely hilarious. maroon 5, moves like jagger, was playing in the background when I opened this. it's a perfect fit That gotta be FPS Doug Jesus that HUD is so cluttered. How can you play an fps when you barely have a peripheral view? The hub offers full customisation, the guy has chosen to have it like that, the map is far too big. Oooh ok. Thats pretty neat then. No wonder he can't hit anything. That's terrifying... If you can dodge a bullet you can dodge a ball! As a fellow drunken gamer, I feel your pain. Stay strong, brotha. ✊🏿 Why didn't any of those bullets hit him? Looks like we found jar jar binks apprentice Chantastic. dude's just dodging all the bullets here So this is what happened to the soldiers after mother base Lol Any word on when we can expect hardcore mode? lmao Anybody else notice that his ammo counter when down to two and then back up to three when he died? Rofl.. just rofl xD This is mildly terrifying.... Serves him right for being a camping little bitch. The shooter or the attacker? More like spin bot style Good on you to laugh it off and put it on reddit. I'd be pissed if that happened to me in game. I shit myself watching this I think it was an accident. He was dancing and you got in his way. You need to apologize. He must be traumatized. Fuck thats terrifying.. That's terrifying... that is how you dodge bullets people You got derped! This is the thing of nightmares. All I could think of was Dr. Strange the dude playing sucks though That's scary Did you really miss 7 shots in a row? That gave me the best laugh in this year. I was waiting for a bus and people around me were weirded out. I'm more disgusted at that potato aim wth. This game is great for /r/gaming, I enjoy the .gifs that come out of it. This is why I couldn't get into this game. You can shoot all day at someone but it's almost like your gun is a pea shooter at best. I don't normally laugh at gaming gifs but this is great. You know something's coming when he's just looking intently into the fog... Jade Empire sure looks different. HOW SWAY! Queue infuriating 10 min chase You could get into a box and walk to him. He'll run up to you (still in the box) and then salute and then you're free to Fulton him away Boss... It is you! I was always impressed by the emotion in that scene. Almost made me cry the first time I did that lol maybe it's because I played and actually enjoyed Ground Zeroes hahaha Ground Zeroes is amazingly what got me into the series. If you like that shit, you gotta check out the rest of the series, man. MGS HD collection if you can! I'm on PC so feelsbadman wish I could get the MGS HD collection lol There are MGS and MGS2 PC ports (or emulation might work). The MGS2 port had sound issues last time I tried to play it though. Fair enough. I'll check them out! Neither port was supported very well, nor are they available on steam and they require some work to get running on a modern PC. Hope these links help! MGS https://www.reddit.com/r/metalgearsolid/comments/4qlv1c/final_full_release_metal_gear_solid_1_integral_pc/ MGS2 http://mgsforums.com/topic/7412109/1/ http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Metal_Gear_Solid_2:_Substance MGS3 (using emulator) http://wiki.pcsx2.net/index.php/Metal_Gear_Solid_3:_Snake_Eater It's a bigger deal of you played Peace Walker. You spend the entire game building Motherbase just to have Cypher blow it up in Ground Zeroes. The feels... IIRC playing Love Deterrence on speaker also works. [deleted] A queue is a line. A cue is a sign to start. As in, "That's my cue!" Or you're British and trying to check out at Tesco in the middle of a rush. As in, "That's my queue!" Or one shot in the head with the sniper tranq gun before he aggros. Or you could just play that one song and have them walk right up to you. MSF were trained in special evasion tactics. Emphasis on the special. Oh god! I'm just starting to play MGS 5 too! And you have no idea how much I needed that laugh right now. Thanks fellow redditor! When you go to find the lost soldiers, put the box on your head and walk up to them they will immediately recognize you and you don't have to chase. Would have been nice to know months ago. Or play that tape of the one chick (the French one) humming/singing on through speaker. Wow. Well that answer was so simple yet almost unthinkable... I was doing okay with the tranq snipe but this is easier lol. When you get a wanderering soldier with picture. Go to the medical platform and search for a door that will open. If I am right. I am not gonna spoil it BO RAI CHO!!! FATALITY!!!! You could get into a box and walk to him. He'll run up to you (still in the box) and then salute and then you're free to Fulton him away Boss... It is you! I was always impressed by the emotion in that scene. Almost made me cry the first time I did that lol maybe it's because I played and actually enjoyed Ground Zeroes hahaha Ground Zeroes is amazingly what got me into the series. If you like that shit, you gotta check out the rest of the series, man. MGS HD collection if you can! I'm on PC so feelsbadman wish I could get the MGS HD collection lol There are MGS and MGS2 PC ports (or emulation might work). The MGS2 port had sound issues last time I tried to play it though. Fair enough. I'll check them out! Neither port was supported very well, nor are they available on steam and they require some work to get running on a modern PC. Hope these links help! MGS https://www.reddit.com/r/metalgearsolid/comments/4qlv1c/final_full_release_metal_gear_solid_1_integral_pc/ MGS2 http://mgsforums.com/topic/7412109/1/ http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Metal_Gear_Solid_2:_Substance MGS3 (using emulator) http://wiki.pcsx2.net/index.php/Metal_Gear_Solid_3:_Snake_Eater It's a bigger deal of you played Peace Walker. You spend the entire game building Motherbase just to have Cypher blow it up in Ground Zeroes. The feels... IIRC playing Love Deterrence on speaker also works. [deleted] A queue is a line. A cue is a sign to start. As in, "That's my cue!" Or you're British and trying to check out at Tesco in the middle of a rush. As in, "That's my queue!" Or one shot in the head with the sniper tranq gun before he aggros. Or you could just play that one song and have them walk right up to you. Boss... It is you! I was always impressed by the emotion in that scene. Almost made me cry the first time I did that lol maybe it's because I played and actually enjoyed Ground Zeroes hahaha Ground Zeroes is amazingly what got me into the series. If you like that shit, you gotta check out the rest of the series, man. MGS HD collection if you can! I'm on PC so feelsbadman wish I could get the MGS HD collection lol There are MGS and MGS2 PC ports (or emulation might work). The MGS2 port had sound issues last time I tried to play it though. Fair enough. I'll check them out! Neither port was supported very well, nor are they available on steam and they require some work to get running on a modern PC. Hope these links help! MGS https://www.reddit.com/r/metalgearsolid/comments/4qlv1c/final_full_release_metal_gear_solid_1_integral_pc/ MGS2 http://mgsforums.com/topic/7412109/1/ http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Metal_Gear_Solid_2:_Substance MGS3 (using emulator) http://wiki.pcsx2.net/index.php/Metal_Gear_Solid_3:_Snake_Eater It's a bigger deal of you played Peace Walker. You spend the entire game building Motherbase just to have Cypher blow it up in Ground Zeroes. The feels... IIRC playing Love Deterrence on speaker also works. [deleted] I was always impressed by the emotion in that scene. Almost made me cry the first time I did that lol maybe it's because I played and actually enjoyed Ground Zeroes hahaha Ground Zeroes is amazingly what got me into the series. If you like that shit, you gotta check out the rest of the series, man. MGS HD collection if you can! I'm on PC so feelsbadman wish I could get the MGS HD collection lol There are MGS and MGS2 PC ports (or emulation might work). The MGS2 port had sound issues last time I tried to play it though. Fair enough. I'll check them out! Neither port was supported very well, nor are they available on steam and they require some work to get running on a modern PC. Hope these links help! MGS https://www.reddit.com/r/metalgearsolid/comments/4qlv1c/final_full_release_metal_gear_solid_1_integral_pc/ MGS2 http://mgsforums.com/topic/7412109/1/ http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Metal_Gear_Solid_2:_Substance MGS3 (using emulator) http://wiki.pcsx2.net/index.php/Metal_Gear_Solid_3:_Snake_Eater It's a bigger deal of you played Peace Walker. You spend the entire game building Motherbase just to have Cypher blow it up in Ground Zeroes. The feels... If you like that shit, you gotta check out the rest of the series, man. MGS HD collection if you can! I'm on PC so feelsbadman wish I could get the MGS HD collection lol There are MGS and MGS2 PC ports (or emulation might work). The MGS2 port had sound issues last time I tried to play it though. Fair enough. I'll check them out! Neither port was supported very well, nor are they available on steam and they require some work to get running on a modern PC. Hope these links help! MGS https://www.reddit.com/r/metalgearsolid/comments/4qlv1c/final_full_release_metal_gear_solid_1_integral_pc/ MGS2 http://mgsforums.com/topic/7412109/1/ http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Metal_Gear_Solid_2:_Substance MGS3 (using emulator) http://wiki.pcsx2.net/index.php/Metal_Gear_Solid_3:_Snake_Eater It's a bigger deal of you played Peace Walker. You spend the entire game building Motherbase just to have Cypher blow it up in Ground Zeroes. The feels... I'm on PC so feelsbadman wish I could get the MGS HD collection lol There are MGS and MGS2 PC ports (or emulation might work). The MGS2 port had sound issues last time I tried to play it though. Fair enough. I'll check them out! Neither port was supported very well, nor are they available on steam and they require some work to get running on a modern PC. Hope these links help! MGS https://www.reddit.com/r/metalgearsolid/comments/4qlv1c/final_full_release_metal_gear_solid_1_integral_pc/ MGS2 http://mgsforums.com/topic/7412109/1/ http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Metal_Gear_Solid_2:_Substance MGS3 (using emulator) http://wiki.pcsx2.net/index.php/Metal_Gear_Solid_3:_Snake_Eater There are MGS and MGS2 PC ports (or emulation might work). The MGS2 port had sound issues last time I tried to play it though. Fair enough. I'll check them out! Neither port was supported very well, nor are they available on steam and they require some work to get running on a modern PC. Hope these links help! MGS https://www.reddit.com/r/metalgearsolid/comments/4qlv1c/final_full_release_metal_gear_solid_1_integral_pc/ MGS2 http://mgsforums.com/topic/7412109/1/ http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Metal_Gear_Solid_2:_Substance MGS3 (using emulator) http://wiki.pcsx2.net/index.php/Metal_Gear_Solid_3:_Snake_Eater Fair enough. I'll check them out! Neither port was supported very well, nor are they available on steam and they require some work to get running on a modern PC. Hope these links help! MGS https://www.reddit.com/r/metalgearsolid/comments/4qlv1c/final_full_release_metal_gear_solid_1_integral_pc/ MGS2 http://mgsforums.com/topic/7412109/1/ http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Metal_Gear_Solid_2:_Substance MGS3 (using emulator) http://wiki.pcsx2.net/index.php/Metal_Gear_Solid_3:_Snake_Eater Neither port was supported very well, nor are they available on steam and they require some work to get running on a modern PC. Hope these links help! MGS https://www.reddit.com/r/metalgearsolid/comments/4qlv1c/final_full_release_metal_gear_solid_1_integral_pc/ MGS2 http://mgsforums.com/topic/7412109/1/ http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Metal_Gear_Solid_2:_Substance MGS3 (using emulator) http://wiki.pcsx2.net/index.php/Metal_Gear_Solid_3:_Snake_Eater Or you're British and trying to check out at Tesco in the middle of a rush. As in, "That's my queue!" When you go to find the lost soldiers, put the box on your head and walk up to them they will immediately recognize you and you don't have to chase. Would have been nice to know months ago. Or play that tape of the one chick (the French one) humming/singing on through speaker. Wow. Well that answer was so simple yet almost unthinkable... I was doing okay with the tranq snipe but this is easier lol. When you get a wanderering soldier with picture. Go to the medical platform and search for a door that will open. If I am right. I am not gonna spoil it Would have been nice to know months ago. Or play that tape of the one chick (the French one) humming/singing on through speaker. Wow. Well that answer was so simple yet almost unthinkable... I was doing okay with the tranq snipe but this is easier lol. The Germans are digging further and further below the bottom of the barrel for fresh recruits... Well they did end up using some of the French /s Aside from WWII, aren't the French known for their tenacious and successful military history? Yup. For centuries France was the strongest military force in mainland Europe. I mean, Napoleon is one of the most successful generals in world history. The meme is really only based on post German formation Europe, where things have kinda gone downhill for their military rep. Their military reputation was heavily affected for not getting involved in the war in Iraq. The US was really butthurt by the fact, and among other things renamed french fries to freedom fries and began backtalking the French military. France was one of many nations who surrendered in WW2. After WW1 the population was pretty sick of war and they didn't want another meaningless slaughter. The US didn't even get involved until the end, Great Britain was protected by the sea, and Russia was even allied with Germany at the start. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule, we shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender, and if, which I do not for a moment believe, this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our Empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British Fleet, would carry on the struggle, until, in God's good time, the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old. Is anyone else hard right now? But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Not until I read your username. It would be stranger if you weren't. This gave me goosebumps But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Aye... and the Brits dealt with a lot of weird, new, and terrifying methods of attack (such as the V2 program) and still held steadfast! Churchill was going to sacrifice Scotland to the Nazis True story. Like, on an alter? No, on an altar. for realsies? Churchill also hated Stalin and the USSR and wanted to preemptively drop a nuke on Russia. True store. Churchill didn't own Scotland. True story. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Irish person here - I can attribute that the british rarely give up...places/things that they stole. True story Yes just like when the saxons invaded, or when the Vikings invaded, or when the Norman's invaded. You guys have an impeccable record if I do say so myself. The UK was founded in 1707. Long after all of those invasions. England was only ever (fully) conquered once and that was by the the Normans. Otherwise areas of England were taken, but never the entirety. We then employed our secret weapon and absorbed the invaders, including aspects of their cultures that were beneficial and of course any technology they brought, also words/ideas from their language. So like China ? You are borg... Considering modern Britons have all those groups as ancestors I don't really know who you think "you guys" are. We are the true, pure, throughbred race of germanic/celtic/Scandinavian/latin people that are the brittish! IN THE NAME OF THE EMPRESS! ROYAL MEHREEEENS! The last successful invasion of the British isles was the Norman invasion in fucking 1066. I know it's an island, but if it's been almost 1600 years since you've been truly invaded, they must be doing something right. Edit: so apparently it's 2016 and not 2600. Unrelated question, anyone happen to see a delorean around? 2016-1066=1600 years? I think you're forgetting about the Kalaxian infiltration during the 3rd Amalthean Congress in 2366. Just because they were mind-controlling insects, and managed to take over in secret doesn't mean it wasn't a successful invasion. i'm confused by your math France probably suffered the worst out of all the countries in WWI. Most of the Western Front was on French soil. The English have never really experienced total warfare like the French. This calls for the British version of MURICA!!!!! That would be BRITAIN!!!!! RULE BRITANNIA!!!! renamed french fries to freedom fries This was never really serious, they are still called french fries or just fries began backtalking the French military This definitely began before the Iraq War I'm not sure people in France were even offended by the freedom fries since we all know that fries are belgian ;) If I recall correctly, the American stereotype of the French always surrendering started during the Vietnam War when the French backed out of Vietnam because they thought the war couldn't be won. I do think the idea was solidified, especially among younger people who were not around during the Vietnam War, when France refused to invade Iraq with the US. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany...and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is why france was overrun and surrendered in record time. They deserve the flack the get for idiotic military tactics, Hell they should get more flack. Whilst this is true and the reason for their quick surrender it benefits from hindsight which makes their decision to rely on the Maginot line stupid but at the time was sensible. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. The line extended through belgium and they fully expected the Germans to pass through the lowlands. So they could reinforce the line when they did. But the Germans were faster then expected. Also the lack of reserves for holding up the German army was also partly because no one expected Germany to rebuild their military so quickly either. That time period was one where military technology took a great leap forward. Many of the presumptions made by the French was on a war similar to WWI where warfare was slow and land had to be gained inch by inch. How could they be expected to account 20 years into the future where tanks and planes had increased so greatly and could circumvent natural terrain so easily? Idiotic now? Yeah for sure. Back then probably not. They were probably just thinking how the hell it happened. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. Not even the Germans. Unimaginable warfare? Driverless cars bringing terminators in on our interstates, occupying the highways to control food and flow of people. The city can be occupied in hours with this tactic. While it was considered by the Belgians, that Germany would move trough Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands the French and English ignored their warnings. Swiss intelligence also detected several tank divisions and warned the French; who again ignored those warnings. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Wrong. The wall was built so that a direct attack was impossible, forcing Germany to invade either Belgium or Switzerland to attack, making their diplomatic position untenable while forcing the UK to come to French aid. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany They didn't extend the wall through the Belgium border for several reasons, the most important two of which was that the wall was a gargantuanly expensive project, which was seen as unneeded as the time it took for the Germans to plow through Belgium would allow the French to move in to help, keeping the war and devastation away from French soil. Secondly, diplomatically speaking, building the wall through Belgium would be sending the signal to Belgium and other countries Germany invaded, that France was leaving them as cannon fodder for Germany, to be occupied at will. The diplomatic consequences of this would be severe, and affect France even the war started, as a Belgian government aware of such a fact would much more readily cooperate with the Germans and against the French to prevent needless slaughter. and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. The Germans had already went around the position where the wall was built in WW1, before the wall was built. If they hadn't built any wall, the Germans would still have come from Belgium, if they wanted to defeat France. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is so patently false on all accounts, it's mindboggling how you decided the need to make your post. The French were defeated because the Germans made several feints in Belgium and attacked the Netherlands specifically with the purpose of luring the French army into Belgium and the Netherlands, while the faster sections of the German army, namely their tank divisions, snuck through a heavily forested area in Belgium, under heavy air superiority cover. Once they were out of the forest, the French army defending that section was considerably light, since they presumed the Germans couldn't come from there without being spotted or with the need for heavy regrouping, which would allow the French forces to rebalance. The problem with this theory is that it failed to taking into account the mobility of the new tank forces. Once the tanks were out, they drove to the coast (Not around the wall as you ignorantly speak), to trap the French and British armies who had advanced to Belgium and the Netherlands, and then to attack those armies from all sides until they surrendered. Neither the best units nor most of the army was posted on the wall, since the wall was impregnable, and the best units were not needed there. Spot on, damn. Most of the "best units" like the BEF and Foreign Legion were preparing to take the fight to Germany in the Low countries. The french had the mentality that the second world War if there was one would be like the first. Long and static. They deployed their tanks (which at that time were considered pretty good, at least better then the light German tanks.) As supportive roles with infantry. Basically the Germans learned from the hell hole that was the western front during ww1, the french spent most their resources on outdated tactics while Germans developed new ones like Blitzkrieg. The french spent billions to make a super trench in alsace. Only time it was truly used was when the allies invaded france, the Germans occupied it and turned their defenses against them, ironically. It's funny to think that while Germans were preparing for a blitz of Europe, the french had special rooms for their soldiers to get a nice tan in underground tanning rooms in the maginot line and plant flowers on the surface to keep up morale. I think the founding of Germany is the mark of the french militaries fall from prestige. They based their defenses on the assumption that Belgium wouldn't disappear in a second. Nothing withstood blitzkrieg. Except the Russian winter. That withstood blitzkrieg. Other than that, nothing. I mean, apart from the English channel. That was kind of effective too. TL;DR don't share a border with a dangerous superpower This is a vast oversimplification of recent military history, ignoring some major points like Frances loss in Vietnam, and unwillingness to cooperate with NATO during the cold war sometimes. And no, the French did not concede WWII to the Germans to prevent a "meaningless slaughter". The French are kind of big on Sovereignty and being French, which is why they had such a major resistance force against the Germans. US didn't get involved until the end Russia was even allied with Germany at the start You're conflating facts from both wars into one. The US joined near the end for WW1, but fairly early on WW2 Russia was against Germany in WW1 from beginning but had non-aggression pacts with them at beginning of WW2 After Japan dropped a whole bunch of fuck you how about that on Hawaii... fairly early on WW2 More than two years in. And it didn't exactly 'join'. Japan and Germany declared war on it. It went like this. Japan declared war on the U.S.---U.S. declared war on Japan---Germany declared war on U.S. ----U.S. declared war on Germany. More than two years in. The U.S. was fighting a proxy war funneling money and guns to the allies since the start. They just didn't send their troops until the end of the first 1/3 of the war. Please correct me if I'' wrong here. This memory is from a jr high report and it's been over 20 years. I understand that Russia and Germany were in a non-aggression stance on the eve of world war 2, but wasn't this simply a temporary thing resulting from their recent proxy war involvement in the Spanish civil war? As in, they just finished an unofficial fight and had called a truce after it became clear that Francisco Franco was going to win? Again, I'm working from an old memory here so feel free to correct me. You're thinking of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. It was a 10 year non-aggression pact, but the main thing people usually talk about with it (other than Germany breaking it with Operation Barbarossa) is that it contained secret protocols where the two countries agreed to remain neutral if the other went to war with a another country, and they divided Finland, the Balkans, and Poland into German and Russian spheres of influence. Germany got Ostpreußen, Lithuania, and about a third of Poland, and the USSR got the rest of Poland, Estonia, Latvia, and Finland. So it's correct to say they had a non-aggression pact at the beginning of World War 2, but the practical reality was that they basically flat-out agreed that they were both about to engage in some imperialistic warfare, and they emboldened and helped each other by clarifying the boundaries in advance. Calling it just a non-aggression pact is downplaying the parts that were really important, and which were kept secret until after the war. Sort of. They negotiated a defensive pact and the carving up of Poland and the Baltic states just before the outbreak of war in Europe. Hitler needed to guarantee peace on his eastern flank while he attacked France, he also needed Russian grain to feed the Germans. Stalin lacked heavy machinery and weaponry to protect against Japan and to aid in their industrialisation, so got that in exchange. It was way more than just an old cease fire agreement. The reason they had a NAP was more then just to carve up territory. Yes they both wanted lost territory from the first world War, but they had made other arrangements much more historically significant. Stalin agreed to let the Wehrmacht and Luftwaffe to test and develope combat vehicles in their territory, because the Versailles treaty didn't allow for Germany to do this at home. They basically found a loop hole, a secret loop hole that wasnt shared with the world at the time Stalin had his reasons too however, he had just purged his command structure (look up stains purges) and required time to recoup his losses. Basically they both new they'd end up fighting (Stalin was a little more optimistic to how soon it would come though) and needed time to revitalize their militaries. The Winter War is proof of how badly the purges effected the soviet army. Not really re the USA. WW2 is traditionally defined as starting Sep 1 1939 when Germany invaded Poland (some historians now give 1937 as a start date: Japan's invasion of China). The USA didn't enter until Dec 7 1941 after Pearl Harbor. That is 25 months after the traditional start. From then it was 45 months until the Japanese surrender - so the USA didn't come into the war until well after a third of the way through. That isn't really "fairly early on" (though it is compared with their entry into WW1). Re Russia: the "non-aggression pact" with Nazi Germany was significantly more than that, in that it included an agreement to carve up Poland. It could be said that in that campaign at least they were allies as they fought against a mutual enemy, and there was military (training especially) and logistical/supply (food & materiel transports) assistance bundled into the pact. In fact, supplies were still being sent from the USSR to Germany when Barbarossa began in June 1941. T be fair Britain was on par with France for the majority of European history and even defeated them a few times. France surrendered to preserve Paris so it wouldn't be destroyed. I don't know if they've necessarily gone downhill. I feel like after WWII and the sharing of resources with NATO, it's difficult for one European military to really stand out in this day and age. Maybe aside from the UK because they seem to get lumped into whatever the US is doing. But anyways, I think France is still up there in military power. I'd say they're in the top 5. Above the UK. Above the UK By what metrics? Above the UK. Really? I thought we were more or less on an equal footing with them, not above. Tell me why do you think France is above? Equipments are of the same generation and we both have nukes, as well as submarines capable of launching them. Am I forgetting/missing/don't know something? They're known for having tanks with 6 reverse gears. Why does it have 6 pedals if there's only 4 directions? Church? Is that you? Ach! You killed Church you team killing fucktard. You haven't learned to make your tank turn up yet? You kids with your damn lingo. Turn down, turn up. I don't understand. You either turn down, for what? or turn up for yourself. Simple as that. Turn down, turn up? What is so simple about this!?!?! Are we in space, which has no direction!?!!?!?! I don't understand your code! Turn down for what? turn up for what? turn up for what? Fucking RVB /r/UnexpectedRedvBlue You disappoint me with your fake subs. I read this and still clicked the link...... It's going to be a long day There's a saying in France, it goes "put your best foot forward, but with your other five feet, be prepared to retreat!" I have never even been to France. You are from the internet so I believe you. The problem with quotes from the internet you can never be certain of they're authentic. - Abraham Lincoln It's a legitimate strategy. Simmons! Hwat in the sam hell is a pooma? Firing Main Cannon We all read this in her voice. Firing Main Cannon. I understood that reference Omg red vs blue, that was the fucking funniest line hahahaa It's a tactical repositioning. I was told that about the Italians... They have the best win/loss record of any country. That's a good W/L but what about their K/D? You see comrade, when you have large manpower like Russia, you don't needings many killings. Just throw men at enemy until enemy has no ammo. Ah, the Zap Brannigan maneuver! Their KD was awful. Yep, mostly because their Generals didn't give a shit about the soldiers, knowing there will be plenty to take their position. They ordered suicidal attacks, knowing they would send thousands of men into certain death, only to keep the Germans busy and break through somewhere else. Stalin actively encouraged that behaviour with his Order 227 "No Step Back". Also, their industry was pretty basic and couldn't support such a large army; they relied heavily on Lend-Lease shipments from the USA. TIL Russia's strategies are very similar to how I play battlefield Yeah I play the same way, I keep throwing myself into way over extended positions where I know I'm gunna die and just try to thin them out enough for a push through Ah, the ole "Zapp Brannigan" strategem. It's a bold move Cotton. Seems like something a random German would want them to do... It went down after the russian invasion Shh. We don't talk about that around here. At the beginning of WWII the french were considered to have one of the more powerful armies. It was a combination of superior german tactics and some silly french generals that led to such a quick defeat. The Maginot line doomed them completely, and all because they assumed that fucking Hitler wouldn't try going through Belgium. Yeah they were. They only reason France surrendered so quickly was because the country was pretty much leveled during WWI. They were no were near recovered. So they "gave" up and citizens went underground to from the Resistance. Only real choice they had I loved the usage of the word tenacious in this context, exquisite! Thank you! I originally used a different word there, but quickly realized that it didn't fit. I almost left it at just 'successful' but I felt 'tenacious' was a good fit. They had a really good record until Napoleon showed up. It depends on how you rate success. France had the most powerful military in Europe for a long time and frequently won short-term victories. But it is striking that it was never able to secure its place as top dog despite this. For example, one way of seeing Napoleon's career is as a striking succession of dramatic French victories with a couple of losses at the end. Another way to see it is as a string of preliminary victories that served no ultimate strategic end and that led only to complete disaster and defeat for France. That aside, there is no question that France's military history has plenty of glory to go about and is really only tarnished by the collapse at the start of WWII and by the similar collapse in the Franco-Prussian war. I believe under Napoleon, they have the best military record in modern European history. But I'm English so they'll always be cheese-eating surrender monkeys in my heart. Napleon got all the badass French killed. Yes , apparently the concept of coward frenchies is a new thing from ww2. When in reality they just came out a bloody war and knew what would come from it. So opted not to repeat it. Prior to that the French where held with high regard in terms of military power I would imagine. The obviouse one being Napoleon. They had the best ground military in WW1 and 2. The German high command were stunned with their victories in 1940 as was the whole world. That would be us Canadians. Historically one of the most successful military forces on the face of the planet! Even during WWII they shown resilience and fine tactical strategy as a country in covert rebellion Even in WWII they were extremely tenacious. People joking about the French surrendering etc are people with little to no knowledge of WWII history - The French lost hundreds of thousands trying to hold off the Nazi's, they sacrificed so much that in the end surrender was the only option left to them. Even in WW2. France may have been annexed, but the French Resistance was awesome. Exactly. The French took the brunt of WWI casualties and was considered the sword of the allies in that conflict. A lost generation of men later, and the German bombardment of civilian targets, greatly affected fighting spirit in WWII. They were until Napoleon died, then all of French tactical thought ended promptly. Yes, and even IN WW2 the free french resistance forces were BAMFs, and the french army held off the Nazis in North Africa for years Can someone explain the /s? I cant tell if you are being sarcastic or not.. I am not, I've seen people putting that at the end of their posts but I have no idea, thanks for explaining it It is the sarcasm tag meaning that sarcasm is over now. They really did though. And at least one very unfortunate Korean man Who were the last soldiers to defend Berlin against russians at the end of WW2, so not so bottom of the barrel except morally Furher and furher wrong war Well, they still spoke German back then. Yes they did . . Well they did end up using some of the French /s Edit: This is a double post. It's fucking staying. Viva Le France. You double commented, might wanna delete this one. Edit: I only said this cause his score was negative at the time I posted this. Oh well. Don't you fucking tell them how to run their life. Wat you say to me m8? You wanna be like that guy in op's gif? /s yeah gonna stabb u o rly? Yis rly U know what skool i went 2 m8? not only Germans do this IZ OK. SPECIAL TACTICS. Is this a vintage 2011 era white Ra starcraft 2 meme? Wow I never would have imagined. Obviously a seasoned meme connoisseur like myself instantly recognized it... Memes arent always best served fresh, obviously a meme connoisseur such as yourself relishes in the delight of a dank vintage meme. 01/20/1999 http://www.theonion.com/article/clinton-deploys-very-special-forces-to-iraq-645 My boss either knows I'm slacking, or thinks that I find programming hilariously funny. That article was fucking 10/10. This is even better then what i was going to say, good one :D And now i forgot what i was going to say due to laughter Drunkmaster Flex The "special" forces won't every let you downs Well they did end up using some of the French /s Aside from WWII, aren't the French known for their tenacious and successful military history? Yup. For centuries France was the strongest military force in mainland Europe. I mean, Napoleon is one of the most successful generals in world history. The meme is really only based on post German formation Europe, where things have kinda gone downhill for their military rep. Their military reputation was heavily affected for not getting involved in the war in Iraq. The US was really butthurt by the fact, and among other things renamed french fries to freedom fries and began backtalking the French military. France was one of many nations who surrendered in WW2. After WW1 the population was pretty sick of war and they didn't want another meaningless slaughter. The US didn't even get involved until the end, Great Britain was protected by the sea, and Russia was even allied with Germany at the start. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule, we shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender, and if, which I do not for a moment believe, this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our Empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British Fleet, would carry on the struggle, until, in God's good time, the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old. Is anyone else hard right now? But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Not until I read your username. It would be stranger if you weren't. This gave me goosebumps But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Aye... and the Brits dealt with a lot of weird, new, and terrifying methods of attack (such as the V2 program) and still held steadfast! Churchill was going to sacrifice Scotland to the Nazis True story. Like, on an alter? No, on an altar. for realsies? Churchill also hated Stalin and the USSR and wanted to preemptively drop a nuke on Russia. True store. Churchill didn't own Scotland. True story. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Irish person here - I can attribute that the british rarely give up...places/things that they stole. True story Yes just like when the saxons invaded, or when the Vikings invaded, or when the Norman's invaded. You guys have an impeccable record if I do say so myself. The UK was founded in 1707. Long after all of those invasions. England was only ever (fully) conquered once and that was by the the Normans. Otherwise areas of England were taken, but never the entirety. We then employed our secret weapon and absorbed the invaders, including aspects of their cultures that were beneficial and of course any technology they brought, also words/ideas from their language. So like China ? You are borg... Considering modern Britons have all those groups as ancestors I don't really know who you think "you guys" are. We are the true, pure, throughbred race of germanic/celtic/Scandinavian/latin people that are the brittish! IN THE NAME OF THE EMPRESS! ROYAL MEHREEEENS! The last successful invasion of the British isles was the Norman invasion in fucking 1066. I know it's an island, but if it's been almost 1600 years since you've been truly invaded, they must be doing something right. Edit: so apparently it's 2016 and not 2600. Unrelated question, anyone happen to see a delorean around? 2016-1066=1600 years? I think you're forgetting about the Kalaxian infiltration during the 3rd Amalthean Congress in 2366. Just because they were mind-controlling insects, and managed to take over in secret doesn't mean it wasn't a successful invasion. i'm confused by your math France probably suffered the worst out of all the countries in WWI. Most of the Western Front was on French soil. The English have never really experienced total warfare like the French. This calls for the British version of MURICA!!!!! That would be BRITAIN!!!!! RULE BRITANNIA!!!! renamed french fries to freedom fries This was never really serious, they are still called french fries or just fries began backtalking the French military This definitely began before the Iraq War I'm not sure people in France were even offended by the freedom fries since we all know that fries are belgian ;) If I recall correctly, the American stereotype of the French always surrendering started during the Vietnam War when the French backed out of Vietnam because they thought the war couldn't be won. I do think the idea was solidified, especially among younger people who were not around during the Vietnam War, when France refused to invade Iraq with the US. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany...and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is why france was overrun and surrendered in record time. They deserve the flack the get for idiotic military tactics, Hell they should get more flack. Whilst this is true and the reason for their quick surrender it benefits from hindsight which makes their decision to rely on the Maginot line stupid but at the time was sensible. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. The line extended through belgium and they fully expected the Germans to pass through the lowlands. So they could reinforce the line when they did. But the Germans were faster then expected. Also the lack of reserves for holding up the German army was also partly because no one expected Germany to rebuild their military so quickly either. That time period was one where military technology took a great leap forward. Many of the presumptions made by the French was on a war similar to WWI where warfare was slow and land had to be gained inch by inch. How could they be expected to account 20 years into the future where tanks and planes had increased so greatly and could circumvent natural terrain so easily? Idiotic now? Yeah for sure. Back then probably not. They were probably just thinking how the hell it happened. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. Not even the Germans. Unimaginable warfare? Driverless cars bringing terminators in on our interstates, occupying the highways to control food and flow of people. The city can be occupied in hours with this tactic. While it was considered by the Belgians, that Germany would move trough Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands the French and English ignored their warnings. Swiss intelligence also detected several tank divisions and warned the French; who again ignored those warnings. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Wrong. The wall was built so that a direct attack was impossible, forcing Germany to invade either Belgium or Switzerland to attack, making their diplomatic position untenable while forcing the UK to come to French aid. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany They didn't extend the wall through the Belgium border for several reasons, the most important two of which was that the wall was a gargantuanly expensive project, which was seen as unneeded as the time it took for the Germans to plow through Belgium would allow the French to move in to help, keeping the war and devastation away from French soil. Secondly, diplomatically speaking, building the wall through Belgium would be sending the signal to Belgium and other countries Germany invaded, that France was leaving them as cannon fodder for Germany, to be occupied at will. The diplomatic consequences of this would be severe, and affect France even the war started, as a Belgian government aware of such a fact would much more readily cooperate with the Germans and against the French to prevent needless slaughter. and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. The Germans had already went around the position where the wall was built in WW1, before the wall was built. If they hadn't built any wall, the Germans would still have come from Belgium, if they wanted to defeat France. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is so patently false on all accounts, it's mindboggling how you decided the need to make your post. The French were defeated because the Germans made several feints in Belgium and attacked the Netherlands specifically with the purpose of luring the French army into Belgium and the Netherlands, while the faster sections of the German army, namely their tank divisions, snuck through a heavily forested area in Belgium, under heavy air superiority cover. Once they were out of the forest, the French army defending that section was considerably light, since they presumed the Germans couldn't come from there without being spotted or with the need for heavy regrouping, which would allow the French forces to rebalance. The problem with this theory is that it failed to taking into account the mobility of the new tank forces. Once the tanks were out, they drove to the coast (Not around the wall as you ignorantly speak), to trap the French and British armies who had advanced to Belgium and the Netherlands, and then to attack those armies from all sides until they surrendered. Neither the best units nor most of the army was posted on the wall, since the wall was impregnable, and the best units were not needed there. Spot on, damn. Most of the "best units" like the BEF and Foreign Legion were preparing to take the fight to Germany in the Low countries. The french had the mentality that the second world War if there was one would be like the first. Long and static. They deployed their tanks (which at that time were considered pretty good, at least better then the light German tanks.) As supportive roles with infantry. Basically the Germans learned from the hell hole that was the western front during ww1, the french spent most their resources on outdated tactics while Germans developed new ones like Blitzkrieg. The french spent billions to make a super trench in alsace. Only time it was truly used was when the allies invaded france, the Germans occupied it and turned their defenses against them, ironically. It's funny to think that while Germans were preparing for a blitz of Europe, the french had special rooms for their soldiers to get a nice tan in underground tanning rooms in the maginot line and plant flowers on the surface to keep up morale. I think the founding of Germany is the mark of the french militaries fall from prestige. They based their defenses on the assumption that Belgium wouldn't disappear in a second. Nothing withstood blitzkrieg. Except the Russian winter. That withstood blitzkrieg. Other than that, nothing. I mean, apart from the English channel. That was kind of effective too. TL;DR don't share a border with a dangerous superpower This is a vast oversimplification of recent military history, ignoring some major points like Frances loss in Vietnam, and unwillingness to cooperate with NATO during the cold war sometimes. And no, the French did not concede WWII to the Germans to prevent a "meaningless slaughter". The French are kind of big on Sovereignty and being French, which is why they had such a major resistance force against the Germans. US didn't get involved until the end Russia was even allied with Germany at the start You're conflating facts from both wars into one. The US joined near the end for WW1, but fairly early on WW2 Russia was against Germany in WW1 from beginning but had non-aggression pacts with them at beginning of WW2 After Japan dropped a whole bunch of fuck you how about that on Hawaii... fairly early on WW2 More than two years in. And it didn't exactly 'join'. Japan and Germany declared war on it. It went like this. Japan declared war on the U.S.---U.S. declared war on Japan---Germany declared war on U.S. ----U.S. declared war on Germany. More than two years in. The U.S. was fighting a proxy war funneling money and guns to the allies since the start. They just didn't send their troops until the end of the first 1/3 of the war. Please correct me if I'' wrong here. This memory is from a jr high report and it's been over 20 years. I understand that Russia and Germany were in a non-aggression stance on the eve of world war 2, but wasn't this simply a temporary thing resulting from their recent proxy war involvement in the Spanish civil war? As in, they just finished an unofficial fight and had called a truce after it became clear that Francisco Franco was going to win? Again, I'm working from an old memory here so feel free to correct me. You're thinking of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. It was a 10 year non-aggression pact, but the main thing people usually talk about with it (other than Germany breaking it with Operation Barbarossa) is that it contained secret protocols where the two countries agreed to remain neutral if the other went to war with a another country, and they divided Finland, the Balkans, and Poland into German and Russian spheres of influence. Germany got Ostpreußen, Lithuania, and about a third of Poland, and the USSR got the rest of Poland, Estonia, Latvia, and Finland. So it's correct to say they had a non-aggression pact at the beginning of World War 2, but the practical reality was that they basically flat-out agreed that they were both about to engage in some imperialistic warfare, and they emboldened and helped each other by clarifying the boundaries in advance. Calling it just a non-aggression pact is downplaying the parts that were really important, and which were kept secret until after the war. Sort of. They negotiated a defensive pact and the carving up of Poland and the Baltic states just before the outbreak of war in Europe. Hitler needed to guarantee peace on his eastern flank while he attacked France, he also needed Russian grain to feed the Germans. Stalin lacked heavy machinery and weaponry to protect against Japan and to aid in their industrialisation, so got that in exchange. It was way more than just an old cease fire agreement. The reason they had a NAP was more then just to carve up territory. Yes they both wanted lost territory from the first world War, but they had made other arrangements much more historically significant. Stalin agreed to let the Wehrmacht and Luftwaffe to test and develope combat vehicles in their territory, because the Versailles treaty didn't allow for Germany to do this at home. They basically found a loop hole, a secret loop hole that wasnt shared with the world at the time Stalin had his reasons too however, he had just purged his command structure (look up stains purges) and required time to recoup his losses. Basically they both new they'd end up fighting (Stalin was a little more optimistic to how soon it would come though) and needed time to revitalize their militaries. The Winter War is proof of how badly the purges effected the soviet army. Not really re the USA. WW2 is traditionally defined as starting Sep 1 1939 when Germany invaded Poland (some historians now give 1937 as a start date: Japan's invasion of China). The USA didn't enter until Dec 7 1941 after Pearl Harbor. That is 25 months after the traditional start. From then it was 45 months until the Japanese surrender - so the USA didn't come into the war until well after a third of the way through. That isn't really "fairly early on" (though it is compared with their entry into WW1). Re Russia: the "non-aggression pact" with Nazi Germany was significantly more than that, in that it included an agreement to carve up Poland. It could be said that in that campaign at least they were allies as they fought against a mutual enemy, and there was military (training especially) and logistical/supply (food & materiel transports) assistance bundled into the pact. In fact, supplies were still being sent from the USSR to Germany when Barbarossa began in June 1941. T be fair Britain was on par with France for the majority of European history and even defeated them a few times. France surrendered to preserve Paris so it wouldn't be destroyed. I don't know if they've necessarily gone downhill. I feel like after WWII and the sharing of resources with NATO, it's difficult for one European military to really stand out in this day and age. Maybe aside from the UK because they seem to get lumped into whatever the US is doing. But anyways, I think France is still up there in military power. I'd say they're in the top 5. Above the UK. Above the UK By what metrics? Above the UK. Really? I thought we were more or less on an equal footing with them, not above. Tell me why do you think France is above? Equipments are of the same generation and we both have nukes, as well as submarines capable of launching them. Am I forgetting/missing/don't know something? They're known for having tanks with 6 reverse gears. Why does it have 6 pedals if there's only 4 directions? Church? Is that you? Ach! You killed Church you team killing fucktard. You haven't learned to make your tank turn up yet? You kids with your damn lingo. Turn down, turn up. I don't understand. You either turn down, for what? or turn up for yourself. Simple as that. Turn down, turn up? What is so simple about this!?!?! Are we in space, which has no direction!?!!?!?! I don't understand your code! Turn down for what? turn up for what? turn up for what? Fucking RVB /r/UnexpectedRedvBlue You disappoint me with your fake subs. I read this and still clicked the link...... It's going to be a long day There's a saying in France, it goes "put your best foot forward, but with your other five feet, be prepared to retreat!" I have never even been to France. You are from the internet so I believe you. The problem with quotes from the internet you can never be certain of they're authentic. - Abraham Lincoln It's a legitimate strategy. Simmons! Hwat in the sam hell is a pooma? Firing Main Cannon We all read this in her voice. Firing Main Cannon. I understood that reference Omg red vs blue, that was the fucking funniest line hahahaa It's a tactical repositioning. I was told that about the Italians... They have the best win/loss record of any country. That's a good W/L but what about their K/D? You see comrade, when you have large manpower like Russia, you don't needings many killings. Just throw men at enemy until enemy has no ammo. Ah, the Zap Brannigan maneuver! Their KD was awful. Yep, mostly because their Generals didn't give a shit about the soldiers, knowing there will be plenty to take their position. They ordered suicidal attacks, knowing they would send thousands of men into certain death, only to keep the Germans busy and break through somewhere else. Stalin actively encouraged that behaviour with his Order 227 "No Step Back". Also, their industry was pretty basic and couldn't support such a large army; they relied heavily on Lend-Lease shipments from the USA. TIL Russia's strategies are very similar to how I play battlefield Yeah I play the same way, I keep throwing myself into way over extended positions where I know I'm gunna die and just try to thin them out enough for a push through Ah, the ole "Zapp Brannigan" strategem. It's a bold move Cotton. Seems like something a random German would want them to do... It went down after the russian invasion Shh. We don't talk about that around here. At the beginning of WWII the french were considered to have one of the more powerful armies. It was a combination of superior german tactics and some silly french generals that led to such a quick defeat. The Maginot line doomed them completely, and all because they assumed that fucking Hitler wouldn't try going through Belgium. Yeah they were. They only reason France surrendered so quickly was because the country was pretty much leveled during WWI. They were no were near recovered. So they "gave" up and citizens went underground to from the Resistance. Only real choice they had I loved the usage of the word tenacious in this context, exquisite! Thank you! I originally used a different word there, but quickly realized that it didn't fit. I almost left it at just 'successful' but I felt 'tenacious' was a good fit. They had a really good record until Napoleon showed up. It depends on how you rate success. France had the most powerful military in Europe for a long time and frequently won short-term victories. But it is striking that it was never able to secure its place as top dog despite this. For example, one way of seeing Napoleon's career is as a striking succession of dramatic French victories with a couple of losses at the end. Another way to see it is as a string of preliminary victories that served no ultimate strategic end and that led only to complete disaster and defeat for France. That aside, there is no question that France's military history has plenty of glory to go about and is really only tarnished by the collapse at the start of WWII and by the similar collapse in the Franco-Prussian war. I believe under Napoleon, they have the best military record in modern European history. But I'm English so they'll always be cheese-eating surrender monkeys in my heart. Napleon got all the badass French killed. Yes , apparently the concept of coward frenchies is a new thing from ww2. When in reality they just came out a bloody war and knew what would come from it. So opted not to repeat it. Prior to that the French where held with high regard in terms of military power I would imagine. The obviouse one being Napoleon. They had the best ground military in WW1 and 2. The German high command were stunned with their victories in 1940 as was the whole world. That would be us Canadians. Historically one of the most successful military forces on the face of the planet! Even during WWII they shown resilience and fine tactical strategy as a country in covert rebellion Even in WWII they were extremely tenacious. People joking about the French surrendering etc are people with little to no knowledge of WWII history - The French lost hundreds of thousands trying to hold off the Nazi's, they sacrificed so much that in the end surrender was the only option left to them. Even in WW2. France may have been annexed, but the French Resistance was awesome. Exactly. The French took the brunt of WWI casualties and was considered the sword of the allies in that conflict. A lost generation of men later, and the German bombardment of civilian targets, greatly affected fighting spirit in WWII. They were until Napoleon died, then all of French tactical thought ended promptly. Yes, and even IN WW2 the free french resistance forces were BAMFs, and the french army held off the Nazis in North Africa for years Can someone explain the /s? I cant tell if you are being sarcastic or not.. I am not, I've seen people putting that at the end of their posts but I have no idea, thanks for explaining it It is the sarcasm tag meaning that sarcasm is over now. They really did though. And at least one very unfortunate Korean man Who were the last soldiers to defend Berlin against russians at the end of WW2, so not so bottom of the barrel except morally Furher and furher wrong war Well, they still spoke German back then. Yes they did . . Well they did end up using some of the French /s Edit: This is a double post. It's fucking staying. Viva Le France. You double commented, might wanna delete this one. Edit: I only said this cause his score was negative at the time I posted this. Oh well. Don't you fucking tell them how to run their life. Wat you say to me m8? You wanna be like that guy in op's gif? /s yeah gonna stabb u o rly? Yis rly U know what skool i went 2 m8? not only Germans do this Aside from WWII, aren't the French known for their tenacious and successful military history? Yup. For centuries France was the strongest military force in mainland Europe. I mean, Napoleon is one of the most successful generals in world history. The meme is really only based on post German formation Europe, where things have kinda gone downhill for their military rep. Their military reputation was heavily affected for not getting involved in the war in Iraq. The US was really butthurt by the fact, and among other things renamed french fries to freedom fries and began backtalking the French military. France was one of many nations who surrendered in WW2. After WW1 the population was pretty sick of war and they didn't want another meaningless slaughter. The US didn't even get involved until the end, Great Britain was protected by the sea, and Russia was even allied with Germany at the start. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule, we shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender, and if, which I do not for a moment believe, this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our Empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British Fleet, would carry on the struggle, until, in God's good time, the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old. Is anyone else hard right now? But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Not until I read your username. It would be stranger if you weren't. This gave me goosebumps But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Aye... and the Brits dealt with a lot of weird, new, and terrifying methods of attack (such as the V2 program) and still held steadfast! Churchill was going to sacrifice Scotland to the Nazis True story. Like, on an alter? No, on an altar. for realsies? Churchill also hated Stalin and the USSR and wanted to preemptively drop a nuke on Russia. True store. Churchill didn't own Scotland. True story. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Irish person here - I can attribute that the british rarely give up...places/things that they stole. True story Yes just like when the saxons invaded, or when the Vikings invaded, or when the Norman's invaded. You guys have an impeccable record if I do say so myself. The UK was founded in 1707. Long after all of those invasions. England was only ever (fully) conquered once and that was by the the Normans. Otherwise areas of England were taken, but never the entirety. We then employed our secret weapon and absorbed the invaders, including aspects of their cultures that were beneficial and of course any technology they brought, also words/ideas from their language. So like China ? You are borg... Considering modern Britons have all those groups as ancestors I don't really know who you think "you guys" are. We are the true, pure, throughbred race of germanic/celtic/Scandinavian/latin people that are the brittish! IN THE NAME OF THE EMPRESS! ROYAL MEHREEEENS! The last successful invasion of the British isles was the Norman invasion in fucking 1066. I know it's an island, but if it's been almost 1600 years since you've been truly invaded, they must be doing something right. Edit: so apparently it's 2016 and not 2600. Unrelated question, anyone happen to see a delorean around? 2016-1066=1600 years? I think you're forgetting about the Kalaxian infiltration during the 3rd Amalthean Congress in 2366. Just because they were mind-controlling insects, and managed to take over in secret doesn't mean it wasn't a successful invasion. i'm confused by your math France probably suffered the worst out of all the countries in WWI. Most of the Western Front was on French soil. The English have never really experienced total warfare like the French. This calls for the British version of MURICA!!!!! That would be BRITAIN!!!!! RULE BRITANNIA!!!! renamed french fries to freedom fries This was never really serious, they are still called french fries or just fries began backtalking the French military This definitely began before the Iraq War I'm not sure people in France were even offended by the freedom fries since we all know that fries are belgian ;) If I recall correctly, the American stereotype of the French always surrendering started during the Vietnam War when the French backed out of Vietnam because they thought the war couldn't be won. I do think the idea was solidified, especially among younger people who were not around during the Vietnam War, when France refused to invade Iraq with the US. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany...and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is why france was overrun and surrendered in record time. They deserve the flack the get for idiotic military tactics, Hell they should get more flack. Whilst this is true and the reason for their quick surrender it benefits from hindsight which makes their decision to rely on the Maginot line stupid but at the time was sensible. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. The line extended through belgium and they fully expected the Germans to pass through the lowlands. So they could reinforce the line when they did. But the Germans were faster then expected. Also the lack of reserves for holding up the German army was also partly because no one expected Germany to rebuild their military so quickly either. That time period was one where military technology took a great leap forward. Many of the presumptions made by the French was on a war similar to WWI where warfare was slow and land had to be gained inch by inch. How could they be expected to account 20 years into the future where tanks and planes had increased so greatly and could circumvent natural terrain so easily? Idiotic now? Yeah for sure. Back then probably not. They were probably just thinking how the hell it happened. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. Not even the Germans. Unimaginable warfare? Driverless cars bringing terminators in on our interstates, occupying the highways to control food and flow of people. The city can be occupied in hours with this tactic. While it was considered by the Belgians, that Germany would move trough Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands the French and English ignored their warnings. Swiss intelligence also detected several tank divisions and warned the French; who again ignored those warnings. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Wrong. The wall was built so that a direct attack was impossible, forcing Germany to invade either Belgium or Switzerland to attack, making their diplomatic position untenable while forcing the UK to come to French aid. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany They didn't extend the wall through the Belgium border for several reasons, the most important two of which was that the wall was a gargantuanly expensive project, which was seen as unneeded as the time it took for the Germans to plow through Belgium would allow the French to move in to help, keeping the war and devastation away from French soil. Secondly, diplomatically speaking, building the wall through Belgium would be sending the signal to Belgium and other countries Germany invaded, that France was leaving them as cannon fodder for Germany, to be occupied at will. The diplomatic consequences of this would be severe, and affect France even the war started, as a Belgian government aware of such a fact would much more readily cooperate with the Germans and against the French to prevent needless slaughter. and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. The Germans had already went around the position where the wall was built in WW1, before the wall was built. If they hadn't built any wall, the Germans would still have come from Belgium, if they wanted to defeat France. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is so patently false on all accounts, it's mindboggling how you decided the need to make your post. The French were defeated because the Germans made several feints in Belgium and attacked the Netherlands specifically with the purpose of luring the French army into Belgium and the Netherlands, while the faster sections of the German army, namely their tank divisions, snuck through a heavily forested area in Belgium, under heavy air superiority cover. Once they were out of the forest, the French army defending that section was considerably light, since they presumed the Germans couldn't come from there without being spotted or with the need for heavy regrouping, which would allow the French forces to rebalance. The problem with this theory is that it failed to taking into account the mobility of the new tank forces. Once the tanks were out, they drove to the coast (Not around the wall as you ignorantly speak), to trap the French and British armies who had advanced to Belgium and the Netherlands, and then to attack those armies from all sides until they surrendered. Neither the best units nor most of the army was posted on the wall, since the wall was impregnable, and the best units were not needed there. Spot on, damn. Most of the "best units" like the BEF and Foreign Legion were preparing to take the fight to Germany in the Low countries. The french had the mentality that the second world War if there was one would be like the first. Long and static. They deployed their tanks (which at that time were considered pretty good, at least better then the light German tanks.) As supportive roles with infantry. Basically the Germans learned from the hell hole that was the western front during ww1, the french spent most their resources on outdated tactics while Germans developed new ones like Blitzkrieg. The french spent billions to make a super trench in alsace. Only time it was truly used was when the allies invaded france, the Germans occupied it and turned their defenses against them, ironically. It's funny to think that while Germans were preparing for a blitz of Europe, the french had special rooms for their soldiers to get a nice tan in underground tanning rooms in the maginot line and plant flowers on the surface to keep up morale. I think the founding of Germany is the mark of the french militaries fall from prestige. They based their defenses on the assumption that Belgium wouldn't disappear in a second. Nothing withstood blitzkrieg. Except the Russian winter. That withstood blitzkrieg. Other than that, nothing. I mean, apart from the English channel. That was kind of effective too. TL;DR don't share a border with a dangerous superpower This is a vast oversimplification of recent military history, ignoring some major points like Frances loss in Vietnam, and unwillingness to cooperate with NATO during the cold war sometimes. And no, the French did not concede WWII to the Germans to prevent a "meaningless slaughter". The French are kind of big on Sovereignty and being French, which is why they had such a major resistance force against the Germans. US didn't get involved until the end Russia was even allied with Germany at the start You're conflating facts from both wars into one. The US joined near the end for WW1, but fairly early on WW2 Russia was against Germany in WW1 from beginning but had non-aggression pacts with them at beginning of WW2 After Japan dropped a whole bunch of fuck you how about that on Hawaii... fairly early on WW2 More than two years in. And it didn't exactly 'join'. Japan and Germany declared war on it. It went like this. Japan declared war on the U.S.---U.S. declared war on Japan---Germany declared war on U.S. ----U.S. declared war on Germany. More than two years in. The U.S. was fighting a proxy war funneling money and guns to the allies since the start. They just didn't send their troops until the end of the first 1/3 of the war. Please correct me if I'' wrong here. This memory is from a jr high report and it's been over 20 years. I understand that Russia and Germany were in a non-aggression stance on the eve of world war 2, but wasn't this simply a temporary thing resulting from their recent proxy war involvement in the Spanish civil war? As in, they just finished an unofficial fight and had called a truce after it became clear that Francisco Franco was going to win? Again, I'm working from an old memory here so feel free to correct me. You're thinking of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. It was a 10 year non-aggression pact, but the main thing people usually talk about with it (other than Germany breaking it with Operation Barbarossa) is that it contained secret protocols where the two countries agreed to remain neutral if the other went to war with a another country, and they divided Finland, the Balkans, and Poland into German and Russian spheres of influence. Germany got Ostpreußen, Lithuania, and about a third of Poland, and the USSR got the rest of Poland, Estonia, Latvia, and Finland. So it's correct to say they had a non-aggression pact at the beginning of World War 2, but the practical reality was that they basically flat-out agreed that they were both about to engage in some imperialistic warfare, and they emboldened and helped each other by clarifying the boundaries in advance. Calling it just a non-aggression pact is downplaying the parts that were really important, and which were kept secret until after the war. Sort of. They negotiated a defensive pact and the carving up of Poland and the Baltic states just before the outbreak of war in Europe. Hitler needed to guarantee peace on his eastern flank while he attacked France, he also needed Russian grain to feed the Germans. Stalin lacked heavy machinery and weaponry to protect against Japan and to aid in their industrialisation, so got that in exchange. It was way more than just an old cease fire agreement. The reason they had a NAP was more then just to carve up territory. Yes they both wanted lost territory from the first world War, but they had made other arrangements much more historically significant. Stalin agreed to let the Wehrmacht and Luftwaffe to test and develope combat vehicles in their territory, because the Versailles treaty didn't allow for Germany to do this at home. They basically found a loop hole, a secret loop hole that wasnt shared with the world at the time Stalin had his reasons too however, he had just purged his command structure (look up stains purges) and required time to recoup his losses. Basically they both new they'd end up fighting (Stalin was a little more optimistic to how soon it would come though) and needed time to revitalize their militaries. The Winter War is proof of how badly the purges effected the soviet army. Not really re the USA. WW2 is traditionally defined as starting Sep 1 1939 when Germany invaded Poland (some historians now give 1937 as a start date: Japan's invasion of China). The USA didn't enter until Dec 7 1941 after Pearl Harbor. That is 25 months after the traditional start. From then it was 45 months until the Japanese surrender - so the USA didn't come into the war until well after a third of the way through. That isn't really "fairly early on" (though it is compared with their entry into WW1). Re Russia: the "non-aggression pact" with Nazi Germany was significantly more than that, in that it included an agreement to carve up Poland. It could be said that in that campaign at least they were allies as they fought against a mutual enemy, and there was military (training especially) and logistical/supply (food & materiel transports) assistance bundled into the pact. In fact, supplies were still being sent from the USSR to Germany when Barbarossa began in June 1941. T be fair Britain was on par with France for the majority of European history and even defeated them a few times. France surrendered to preserve Paris so it wouldn't be destroyed. I don't know if they've necessarily gone downhill. I feel like after WWII and the sharing of resources with NATO, it's difficult for one European military to really stand out in this day and age. Maybe aside from the UK because they seem to get lumped into whatever the US is doing. But anyways, I think France is still up there in military power. I'd say they're in the top 5. Above the UK. Above the UK By what metrics? Above the UK. Really? I thought we were more or less on an equal footing with them, not above. Tell me why do you think France is above? Equipments are of the same generation and we both have nukes, as well as submarines capable of launching them. Am I forgetting/missing/don't know something? They're known for having tanks with 6 reverse gears. Why does it have 6 pedals if there's only 4 directions? Church? Is that you? Ach! You killed Church you team killing fucktard. You haven't learned to make your tank turn up yet? You kids with your damn lingo. Turn down, turn up. I don't understand. You either turn down, for what? or turn up for yourself. Simple as that. Turn down, turn up? What is so simple about this!?!?! Are we in space, which has no direction!?!!?!?! I don't understand your code! Turn down for what? turn up for what? turn up for what? Fucking RVB /r/UnexpectedRedvBlue You disappoint me with your fake subs. I read this and still clicked the link...... It's going to be a long day There's a saying in France, it goes "put your best foot forward, but with your other five feet, be prepared to retreat!" I have never even been to France. You are from the internet so I believe you. The problem with quotes from the internet you can never be certain of they're authentic. - Abraham Lincoln It's a legitimate strategy. Simmons! Hwat in the sam hell is a pooma? Firing Main Cannon We all read this in her voice. Firing Main Cannon. I understood that reference Omg red vs blue, that was the fucking funniest line hahahaa It's a tactical repositioning. I was told that about the Italians... They have the best win/loss record of any country. That's a good W/L but what about their K/D? You see comrade, when you have large manpower like Russia, you don't needings many killings. Just throw men at enemy until enemy has no ammo. Ah, the Zap Brannigan maneuver! Their KD was awful. Yep, mostly because their Generals didn't give a shit about the soldiers, knowing there will be plenty to take their position. They ordered suicidal attacks, knowing they would send thousands of men into certain death, only to keep the Germans busy and break through somewhere else. Stalin actively encouraged that behaviour with his Order 227 "No Step Back". Also, their industry was pretty basic and couldn't support such a large army; they relied heavily on Lend-Lease shipments from the USA. TIL Russia's strategies are very similar to how I play battlefield Yeah I play the same way, I keep throwing myself into way over extended positions where I know I'm gunna die and just try to thin them out enough for a push through Ah, the ole "Zapp Brannigan" strategem. It's a bold move Cotton. Seems like something a random German would want them to do... It went down after the russian invasion Shh. We don't talk about that around here. At the beginning of WWII the french were considered to have one of the more powerful armies. It was a combination of superior german tactics and some silly french generals that led to such a quick defeat. The Maginot line doomed them completely, and all because they assumed that fucking Hitler wouldn't try going through Belgium. Yeah they were. They only reason France surrendered so quickly was because the country was pretty much leveled during WWI. They were no were near recovered. So they "gave" up and citizens went underground to from the Resistance. Only real choice they had I loved the usage of the word tenacious in this context, exquisite! Thank you! I originally used a different word there, but quickly realized that it didn't fit. I almost left it at just 'successful' but I felt 'tenacious' was a good fit. They had a really good record until Napoleon showed up. It depends on how you rate success. France had the most powerful military in Europe for a long time and frequently won short-term victories. But it is striking that it was never able to secure its place as top dog despite this. For example, one way of seeing Napoleon's career is as a striking succession of dramatic French victories with a couple of losses at the end. Another way to see it is as a string of preliminary victories that served no ultimate strategic end and that led only to complete disaster and defeat for France. That aside, there is no question that France's military history has plenty of glory to go about and is really only tarnished by the collapse at the start of WWII and by the similar collapse in the Franco-Prussian war. I believe under Napoleon, they have the best military record in modern European history. But I'm English so they'll always be cheese-eating surrender monkeys in my heart. Napleon got all the badass French killed. Yes , apparently the concept of coward frenchies is a new thing from ww2. When in reality they just came out a bloody war and knew what would come from it. So opted not to repeat it. Prior to that the French where held with high regard in terms of military power I would imagine. The obviouse one being Napoleon. They had the best ground military in WW1 and 2. The German high command were stunned with their victories in 1940 as was the whole world. That would be us Canadians. Historically one of the most successful military forces on the face of the planet! Even during WWII they shown resilience and fine tactical strategy as a country in covert rebellion Even in WWII they were extremely tenacious. People joking about the French surrendering etc are people with little to no knowledge of WWII history - The French lost hundreds of thousands trying to hold off the Nazi's, they sacrificed so much that in the end surrender was the only option left to them. Even in WW2. France may have been annexed, but the French Resistance was awesome. Exactly. The French took the brunt of WWI casualties and was considered the sword of the allies in that conflict. A lost generation of men later, and the German bombardment of civilian targets, greatly affected fighting spirit in WWII. They were until Napoleon died, then all of French tactical thought ended promptly. Yes, and even IN WW2 the free french resistance forces were BAMFs, and the french army held off the Nazis in North Africa for years Can someone explain the /s? I cant tell if you are being sarcastic or not.. I am not, I've seen people putting that at the end of their posts but I have no idea, thanks for explaining it It is the sarcasm tag meaning that sarcasm is over now. They really did though. And at least one very unfortunate Korean man Who were the last soldiers to defend Berlin against russians at the end of WW2, so not so bottom of the barrel except morally Yup. For centuries France was the strongest military force in mainland Europe. I mean, Napoleon is one of the most successful generals in world history. The meme is really only based on post German formation Europe, where things have kinda gone downhill for their military rep. Their military reputation was heavily affected for not getting involved in the war in Iraq. The US was really butthurt by the fact, and among other things renamed french fries to freedom fries and began backtalking the French military. France was one of many nations who surrendered in WW2. After WW1 the population was pretty sick of war and they didn't want another meaningless slaughter. The US didn't even get involved until the end, Great Britain was protected by the sea, and Russia was even allied with Germany at the start. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule, we shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender, and if, which I do not for a moment believe, this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our Empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British Fleet, would carry on the struggle, until, in God's good time, the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old. Is anyone else hard right now? But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Not until I read your username. It would be stranger if you weren't. This gave me goosebumps But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Aye... and the Brits dealt with a lot of weird, new, and terrifying methods of attack (such as the V2 program) and still held steadfast! Churchill was going to sacrifice Scotland to the Nazis True story. Like, on an alter? No, on an altar. for realsies? Churchill also hated Stalin and the USSR and wanted to preemptively drop a nuke on Russia. True store. Churchill didn't own Scotland. True story. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Irish person here - I can attribute that the british rarely give up...places/things that they stole. True story Yes just like when the saxons invaded, or when the Vikings invaded, or when the Norman's invaded. You guys have an impeccable record if I do say so myself. The UK was founded in 1707. Long after all of those invasions. England was only ever (fully) conquered once and that was by the the Normans. Otherwise areas of England were taken, but never the entirety. We then employed our secret weapon and absorbed the invaders, including aspects of their cultures that were beneficial and of course any technology they brought, also words/ideas from their language. So like China ? You are borg... Considering modern Britons have all those groups as ancestors I don't really know who you think "you guys" are. We are the true, pure, throughbred race of germanic/celtic/Scandinavian/latin people that are the brittish! IN THE NAME OF THE EMPRESS! ROYAL MEHREEEENS! The last successful invasion of the British isles was the Norman invasion in fucking 1066. I know it's an island, but if it's been almost 1600 years since you've been truly invaded, they must be doing something right. Edit: so apparently it's 2016 and not 2600. Unrelated question, anyone happen to see a delorean around? 2016-1066=1600 years? I think you're forgetting about the Kalaxian infiltration during the 3rd Amalthean Congress in 2366. Just because they were mind-controlling insects, and managed to take over in secret doesn't mean it wasn't a successful invasion. i'm confused by your math France probably suffered the worst out of all the countries in WWI. Most of the Western Front was on French soil. The English have never really experienced total warfare like the French. This calls for the British version of MURICA!!!!! That would be BRITAIN!!!!! RULE BRITANNIA!!!! renamed french fries to freedom fries This was never really serious, they are still called french fries or just fries began backtalking the French military This definitely began before the Iraq War I'm not sure people in France were even offended by the freedom fries since we all know that fries are belgian ;) If I recall correctly, the American stereotype of the French always surrendering started during the Vietnam War when the French backed out of Vietnam because they thought the war couldn't be won. I do think the idea was solidified, especially among younger people who were not around during the Vietnam War, when France refused to invade Iraq with the US. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany...and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is why france was overrun and surrendered in record time. They deserve the flack the get for idiotic military tactics, Hell they should get more flack. Whilst this is true and the reason for their quick surrender it benefits from hindsight which makes their decision to rely on the Maginot line stupid but at the time was sensible. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. The line extended through belgium and they fully expected the Germans to pass through the lowlands. So they could reinforce the line when they did. But the Germans were faster then expected. Also the lack of reserves for holding up the German army was also partly because no one expected Germany to rebuild their military so quickly either. That time period was one where military technology took a great leap forward. Many of the presumptions made by the French was on a war similar to WWI where warfare was slow and land had to be gained inch by inch. How could they be expected to account 20 years into the future where tanks and planes had increased so greatly and could circumvent natural terrain so easily? Idiotic now? Yeah for sure. Back then probably not. They were probably just thinking how the hell it happened. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. Not even the Germans. Unimaginable warfare? Driverless cars bringing terminators in on our interstates, occupying the highways to control food and flow of people. The city can be occupied in hours with this tactic. While it was considered by the Belgians, that Germany would move trough Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands the French and English ignored their warnings. Swiss intelligence also detected several tank divisions and warned the French; who again ignored those warnings. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Wrong. The wall was built so that a direct attack was impossible, forcing Germany to invade either Belgium or Switzerland to attack, making their diplomatic position untenable while forcing the UK to come to French aid. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany They didn't extend the wall through the Belgium border for several reasons, the most important two of which was that the wall was a gargantuanly expensive project, which was seen as unneeded as the time it took for the Germans to plow through Belgium would allow the French to move in to help, keeping the war and devastation away from French soil. Secondly, diplomatically speaking, building the wall through Belgium would be sending the signal to Belgium and other countries Germany invaded, that France was leaving them as cannon fodder for Germany, to be occupied at will. The diplomatic consequences of this would be severe, and affect France even the war started, as a Belgian government aware of such a fact would much more readily cooperate with the Germans and against the French to prevent needless slaughter. and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. The Germans had already went around the position where the wall was built in WW1, before the wall was built. If they hadn't built any wall, the Germans would still have come from Belgium, if they wanted to defeat France. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is so patently false on all accounts, it's mindboggling how you decided the need to make your post. The French were defeated because the Germans made several feints in Belgium and attacked the Netherlands specifically with the purpose of luring the French army into Belgium and the Netherlands, while the faster sections of the German army, namely their tank divisions, snuck through a heavily forested area in Belgium, under heavy air superiority cover. Once they were out of the forest, the French army defending that section was considerably light, since they presumed the Germans couldn't come from there without being spotted or with the need for heavy regrouping, which would allow the French forces to rebalance. The problem with this theory is that it failed to taking into account the mobility of the new tank forces. Once the tanks were out, they drove to the coast (Not around the wall as you ignorantly speak), to trap the French and British armies who had advanced to Belgium and the Netherlands, and then to attack those armies from all sides until they surrendered. Neither the best units nor most of the army was posted on the wall, since the wall was impregnable, and the best units were not needed there. Spot on, damn. Most of the "best units" like the BEF and Foreign Legion were preparing to take the fight to Germany in the Low countries. The french had the mentality that the second world War if there was one would be like the first. Long and static. They deployed their tanks (which at that time were considered pretty good, at least better then the light German tanks.) As supportive roles with infantry. Basically the Germans learned from the hell hole that was the western front during ww1, the french spent most their resources on outdated tactics while Germans developed new ones like Blitzkrieg. The french spent billions to make a super trench in alsace. Only time it was truly used was when the allies invaded france, the Germans occupied it and turned their defenses against them, ironically. It's funny to think that while Germans were preparing for a blitz of Europe, the french had special rooms for their soldiers to get a nice tan in underground tanning rooms in the maginot line and plant flowers on the surface to keep up morale. I think the founding of Germany is the mark of the french militaries fall from prestige. They based their defenses on the assumption that Belgium wouldn't disappear in a second. Nothing withstood blitzkrieg. Except the Russian winter. That withstood blitzkrieg. Other than that, nothing. I mean, apart from the English channel. That was kind of effective too. TL;DR don't share a border with a dangerous superpower This is a vast oversimplification of recent military history, ignoring some major points like Frances loss in Vietnam, and unwillingness to cooperate with NATO during the cold war sometimes. And no, the French did not concede WWII to the Germans to prevent a "meaningless slaughter". The French are kind of big on Sovereignty and being French, which is why they had such a major resistance force against the Germans. US didn't get involved until the end Russia was even allied with Germany at the start You're conflating facts from both wars into one. The US joined near the end for WW1, but fairly early on WW2 Russia was against Germany in WW1 from beginning but had non-aggression pacts with them at beginning of WW2 After Japan dropped a whole bunch of fuck you how about that on Hawaii... fairly early on WW2 More than two years in. And it didn't exactly 'join'. Japan and Germany declared war on it. It went like this. Japan declared war on the U.S.---U.S. declared war on Japan---Germany declared war on U.S. ----U.S. declared war on Germany. More than two years in. The U.S. was fighting a proxy war funneling money and guns to the allies since the start. They just didn't send their troops until the end of the first 1/3 of the war. Please correct me if I'' wrong here. This memory is from a jr high report and it's been over 20 years. I understand that Russia and Germany were in a non-aggression stance on the eve of world war 2, but wasn't this simply a temporary thing resulting from their recent proxy war involvement in the Spanish civil war? As in, they just finished an unofficial fight and had called a truce after it became clear that Francisco Franco was going to win? Again, I'm working from an old memory here so feel free to correct me. You're thinking of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. It was a 10 year non-aggression pact, but the main thing people usually talk about with it (other than Germany breaking it with Operation Barbarossa) is that it contained secret protocols where the two countries agreed to remain neutral if the other went to war with a another country, and they divided Finland, the Balkans, and Poland into German and Russian spheres of influence. Germany got Ostpreußen, Lithuania, and about a third of Poland, and the USSR got the rest of Poland, Estonia, Latvia, and Finland. So it's correct to say they had a non-aggression pact at the beginning of World War 2, but the practical reality was that they basically flat-out agreed that they were both about to engage in some imperialistic warfare, and they emboldened and helped each other by clarifying the boundaries in advance. Calling it just a non-aggression pact is downplaying the parts that were really important, and which were kept secret until after the war. Sort of. They negotiated a defensive pact and the carving up of Poland and the Baltic states just before the outbreak of war in Europe. Hitler needed to guarantee peace on his eastern flank while he attacked France, he also needed Russian grain to feed the Germans. Stalin lacked heavy machinery and weaponry to protect against Japan and to aid in their industrialisation, so got that in exchange. It was way more than just an old cease fire agreement. The reason they had a NAP was more then just to carve up territory. Yes they both wanted lost territory from the first world War, but they had made other arrangements much more historically significant. Stalin agreed to let the Wehrmacht and Luftwaffe to test and develope combat vehicles in their territory, because the Versailles treaty didn't allow for Germany to do this at home. They basically found a loop hole, a secret loop hole that wasnt shared with the world at the time Stalin had his reasons too however, he had just purged his command structure (look up stains purges) and required time to recoup his losses. Basically they both new they'd end up fighting (Stalin was a little more optimistic to how soon it would come though) and needed time to revitalize their militaries. The Winter War is proof of how badly the purges effected the soviet army. Not really re the USA. WW2 is traditionally defined as starting Sep 1 1939 when Germany invaded Poland (some historians now give 1937 as a start date: Japan's invasion of China). The USA didn't enter until Dec 7 1941 after Pearl Harbor. That is 25 months after the traditional start. From then it was 45 months until the Japanese surrender - so the USA didn't come into the war until well after a third of the way through. That isn't really "fairly early on" (though it is compared with their entry into WW1). Re Russia: the "non-aggression pact" with Nazi Germany was significantly more than that, in that it included an agreement to carve up Poland. It could be said that in that campaign at least they were allies as they fought against a mutual enemy, and there was military (training especially) and logistical/supply (food & materiel transports) assistance bundled into the pact. In fact, supplies were still being sent from the USSR to Germany when Barbarossa began in June 1941. T be fair Britain was on par with France for the majority of European history and even defeated them a few times. France surrendered to preserve Paris so it wouldn't be destroyed. I don't know if they've necessarily gone downhill. I feel like after WWII and the sharing of resources with NATO, it's difficult for one European military to really stand out in this day and age. Maybe aside from the UK because they seem to get lumped into whatever the US is doing. But anyways, I think France is still up there in military power. I'd say they're in the top 5. Above the UK. Above the UK By what metrics? Above the UK. Really? I thought we were more or less on an equal footing with them, not above. Tell me why do you think France is above? Equipments are of the same generation and we both have nukes, as well as submarines capable of launching them. Am I forgetting/missing/don't know something? They're known for having tanks with 6 reverse gears. Why does it have 6 pedals if there's only 4 directions? Church? Is that you? Ach! You killed Church you team killing fucktard. You haven't learned to make your tank turn up yet? You kids with your damn lingo. Turn down, turn up. I don't understand. You either turn down, for what? or turn up for yourself. Simple as that. Turn down, turn up? What is so simple about this!?!?! Are we in space, which has no direction!?!!?!?! I don't understand your code! Turn down for what? turn up for what? turn up for what? Fucking RVB /r/UnexpectedRedvBlue You disappoint me with your fake subs. I read this and still clicked the link...... It's going to be a long day There's a saying in France, it goes "put your best foot forward, but with your other five feet, be prepared to retreat!" I have never even been to France. You are from the internet so I believe you. The problem with quotes from the internet you can never be certain of they're authentic. - Abraham Lincoln It's a legitimate strategy. Simmons! Hwat in the sam hell is a pooma? Firing Main Cannon We all read this in her voice. Firing Main Cannon. I understood that reference Omg red vs blue, that was the fucking funniest line hahahaa It's a tactical repositioning. I was told that about the Italians... They have the best win/loss record of any country. That's a good W/L but what about their K/D? You see comrade, when you have large manpower like Russia, you don't needings many killings. Just throw men at enemy until enemy has no ammo. Ah, the Zap Brannigan maneuver! Their KD was awful. Yep, mostly because their Generals didn't give a shit about the soldiers, knowing there will be plenty to take their position. They ordered suicidal attacks, knowing they would send thousands of men into certain death, only to keep the Germans busy and break through somewhere else. Stalin actively encouraged that behaviour with his Order 227 "No Step Back". Also, their industry was pretty basic and couldn't support such a large army; they relied heavily on Lend-Lease shipments from the USA. TIL Russia's strategies are very similar to how I play battlefield Yeah I play the same way, I keep throwing myself into way over extended positions where I know I'm gunna die and just try to thin them out enough for a push through Ah, the ole "Zapp Brannigan" strategem. It's a bold move Cotton. Seems like something a random German would want them to do... It went down after the russian invasion Shh. We don't talk about that around here. At the beginning of WWII the french were considered to have one of the more powerful armies. It was a combination of superior german tactics and some silly french generals that led to such a quick defeat. The Maginot line doomed them completely, and all because they assumed that fucking Hitler wouldn't try going through Belgium. Yeah they were. They only reason France surrendered so quickly was because the country was pretty much leveled during WWI. They were no were near recovered. So they "gave" up and citizens went underground to from the Resistance. Only real choice they had I loved the usage of the word tenacious in this context, exquisite! Thank you! I originally used a different word there, but quickly realized that it didn't fit. I almost left it at just 'successful' but I felt 'tenacious' was a good fit. They had a really good record until Napoleon showed up. It depends on how you rate success. France had the most powerful military in Europe for a long time and frequently won short-term victories. But it is striking that it was never able to secure its place as top dog despite this. For example, one way of seeing Napoleon's career is as a striking succession of dramatic French victories with a couple of losses at the end. Another way to see it is as a string of preliminary victories that served no ultimate strategic end and that led only to complete disaster and defeat for France. That aside, there is no question that France's military history has plenty of glory to go about and is really only tarnished by the collapse at the start of WWII and by the similar collapse in the Franco-Prussian war. I believe under Napoleon, they have the best military record in modern European history. But I'm English so they'll always be cheese-eating surrender monkeys in my heart. Napleon got all the badass French killed. Yes , apparently the concept of coward frenchies is a new thing from ww2. When in reality they just came out a bloody war and knew what would come from it. So opted not to repeat it. Prior to that the French where held with high regard in terms of military power I would imagine. The obviouse one being Napoleon. They had the best ground military in WW1 and 2. The German high command were stunned with their victories in 1940 as was the whole world. That would be us Canadians. Historically one of the most successful military forces on the face of the planet! Even during WWII they shown resilience and fine tactical strategy as a country in covert rebellion Even in WWII they were extremely tenacious. People joking about the French surrendering etc are people with little to no knowledge of WWII history - The French lost hundreds of thousands trying to hold off the Nazi's, they sacrificed so much that in the end surrender was the only option left to them. Even in WW2. France may have been annexed, but the French Resistance was awesome. Exactly. The French took the brunt of WWI casualties and was considered the sword of the allies in that conflict. A lost generation of men later, and the German bombardment of civilian targets, greatly affected fighting spirit in WWII. They were until Napoleon died, then all of French tactical thought ended promptly. Yes, and even IN WW2 the free french resistance forces were BAMFs, and the french army held off the Nazis in North Africa for years Their military reputation was heavily affected for not getting involved in the war in Iraq. The US was really butthurt by the fact, and among other things renamed french fries to freedom fries and began backtalking the French military. France was one of many nations who surrendered in WW2. After WW1 the population was pretty sick of war and they didn't want another meaningless slaughter. The US didn't even get involved until the end, Great Britain was protected by the sea, and Russia was even allied with Germany at the start. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule, we shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender, and if, which I do not for a moment believe, this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our Empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British Fleet, would carry on the struggle, until, in God's good time, the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old. Is anyone else hard right now? But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Not until I read your username. It would be stranger if you weren't. This gave me goosebumps But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Aye... and the Brits dealt with a lot of weird, new, and terrifying methods of attack (such as the V2 program) and still held steadfast! Churchill was going to sacrifice Scotland to the Nazis True story. Like, on an alter? No, on an altar. for realsies? Churchill also hated Stalin and the USSR and wanted to preemptively drop a nuke on Russia. True store. Churchill didn't own Scotland. True story. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Irish person here - I can attribute that the british rarely give up...places/things that they stole. True story Yes just like when the saxons invaded, or when the Vikings invaded, or when the Norman's invaded. You guys have an impeccable record if I do say so myself. The UK was founded in 1707. Long after all of those invasions. England was only ever (fully) conquered once and that was by the the Normans. Otherwise areas of England were taken, but never the entirety. We then employed our secret weapon and absorbed the invaders, including aspects of their cultures that were beneficial and of course any technology they brought, also words/ideas from their language. So like China ? You are borg... Considering modern Britons have all those groups as ancestors I don't really know who you think "you guys" are. We are the true, pure, throughbred race of germanic/celtic/Scandinavian/latin people that are the brittish! IN THE NAME OF THE EMPRESS! ROYAL MEHREEEENS! The last successful invasion of the British isles was the Norman invasion in fucking 1066. I know it's an island, but if it's been almost 1600 years since you've been truly invaded, they must be doing something right. Edit: so apparently it's 2016 and not 2600. Unrelated question, anyone happen to see a delorean around? 2016-1066=1600 years? I think you're forgetting about the Kalaxian infiltration during the 3rd Amalthean Congress in 2366. Just because they were mind-controlling insects, and managed to take over in secret doesn't mean it wasn't a successful invasion. i'm confused by your math France probably suffered the worst out of all the countries in WWI. Most of the Western Front was on French soil. The English have never really experienced total warfare like the French. This calls for the British version of MURICA!!!!! That would be BRITAIN!!!!! RULE BRITANNIA!!!! renamed french fries to freedom fries This was never really serious, they are still called french fries or just fries began backtalking the French military This definitely began before the Iraq War I'm not sure people in France were even offended by the freedom fries since we all know that fries are belgian ;) If I recall correctly, the American stereotype of the French always surrendering started during the Vietnam War when the French backed out of Vietnam because they thought the war couldn't be won. I do think the idea was solidified, especially among younger people who were not around during the Vietnam War, when France refused to invade Iraq with the US. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany...and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is why france was overrun and surrendered in record time. They deserve the flack the get for idiotic military tactics, Hell they should get more flack. Whilst this is true and the reason for their quick surrender it benefits from hindsight which makes their decision to rely on the Maginot line stupid but at the time was sensible. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. The line extended through belgium and they fully expected the Germans to pass through the lowlands. So they could reinforce the line when they did. But the Germans were faster then expected. Also the lack of reserves for holding up the German army was also partly because no one expected Germany to rebuild their military so quickly either. That time period was one where military technology took a great leap forward. Many of the presumptions made by the French was on a war similar to WWI where warfare was slow and land had to be gained inch by inch. How could they be expected to account 20 years into the future where tanks and planes had increased so greatly and could circumvent natural terrain so easily? Idiotic now? Yeah for sure. Back then probably not. They were probably just thinking how the hell it happened. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. Not even the Germans. Unimaginable warfare? Driverless cars bringing terminators in on our interstates, occupying the highways to control food and flow of people. The city can be occupied in hours with this tactic. While it was considered by the Belgians, that Germany would move trough Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands the French and English ignored their warnings. Swiss intelligence also detected several tank divisions and warned the French; who again ignored those warnings. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Wrong. The wall was built so that a direct attack was impossible, forcing Germany to invade either Belgium or Switzerland to attack, making their diplomatic position untenable while forcing the UK to come to French aid. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany They didn't extend the wall through the Belgium border for several reasons, the most important two of which was that the wall was a gargantuanly expensive project, which was seen as unneeded as the time it took for the Germans to plow through Belgium would allow the French to move in to help, keeping the war and devastation away from French soil. Secondly, diplomatically speaking, building the wall through Belgium would be sending the signal to Belgium and other countries Germany invaded, that France was leaving them as cannon fodder for Germany, to be occupied at will. The diplomatic consequences of this would be severe, and affect France even the war started, as a Belgian government aware of such a fact would much more readily cooperate with the Germans and against the French to prevent needless slaughter. and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. The Germans had already went around the position where the wall was built in WW1, before the wall was built. If they hadn't built any wall, the Germans would still have come from Belgium, if they wanted to defeat France. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is so patently false on all accounts, it's mindboggling how you decided the need to make your post. The French were defeated because the Germans made several feints in Belgium and attacked the Netherlands specifically with the purpose of luring the French army into Belgium and the Netherlands, while the faster sections of the German army, namely their tank divisions, snuck through a heavily forested area in Belgium, under heavy air superiority cover. Once they were out of the forest, the French army defending that section was considerably light, since they presumed the Germans couldn't come from there without being spotted or with the need for heavy regrouping, which would allow the French forces to rebalance. The problem with this theory is that it failed to taking into account the mobility of the new tank forces. Once the tanks were out, they drove to the coast (Not around the wall as you ignorantly speak), to trap the French and British armies who had advanced to Belgium and the Netherlands, and then to attack those armies from all sides until they surrendered. Neither the best units nor most of the army was posted on the wall, since the wall was impregnable, and the best units were not needed there. Spot on, damn. Most of the "best units" like the BEF and Foreign Legion were preparing to take the fight to Germany in the Low countries. The french had the mentality that the second world War if there was one would be like the first. Long and static. They deployed their tanks (which at that time were considered pretty good, at least better then the light German tanks.) As supportive roles with infantry. Basically the Germans learned from the hell hole that was the western front during ww1, the french spent most their resources on outdated tactics while Germans developed new ones like Blitzkrieg. The french spent billions to make a super trench in alsace. Only time it was truly used was when the allies invaded france, the Germans occupied it and turned their defenses against them, ironically. It's funny to think that while Germans were preparing for a blitz of Europe, the french had special rooms for their soldiers to get a nice tan in underground tanning rooms in the maginot line and plant flowers on the surface to keep up morale. I think the founding of Germany is the mark of the french militaries fall from prestige. They based their defenses on the assumption that Belgium wouldn't disappear in a second. Nothing withstood blitzkrieg. Except the Russian winter. That withstood blitzkrieg. Other than that, nothing. I mean, apart from the English channel. That was kind of effective too. TL;DR don't share a border with a dangerous superpower This is a vast oversimplification of recent military history, ignoring some major points like Frances loss in Vietnam, and unwillingness to cooperate with NATO during the cold war sometimes. And no, the French did not concede WWII to the Germans to prevent a "meaningless slaughter". The French are kind of big on Sovereignty and being French, which is why they had such a major resistance force against the Germans. US didn't get involved until the end Russia was even allied with Germany at the start You're conflating facts from both wars into one. The US joined near the end for WW1, but fairly early on WW2 Russia was against Germany in WW1 from beginning but had non-aggression pacts with them at beginning of WW2 After Japan dropped a whole bunch of fuck you how about that on Hawaii... fairly early on WW2 More than two years in. And it didn't exactly 'join'. Japan and Germany declared war on it. It went like this. Japan declared war on the U.S.---U.S. declared war on Japan---Germany declared war on U.S. ----U.S. declared war on Germany. More than two years in. The U.S. was fighting a proxy war funneling money and guns to the allies since the start. They just didn't send their troops until the end of the first 1/3 of the war. Please correct me if I'' wrong here. This memory is from a jr high report and it's been over 20 years. I understand that Russia and Germany were in a non-aggression stance on the eve of world war 2, but wasn't this simply a temporary thing resulting from their recent proxy war involvement in the Spanish civil war? As in, they just finished an unofficial fight and had called a truce after it became clear that Francisco Franco was going to win? Again, I'm working from an old memory here so feel free to correct me. You're thinking of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. It was a 10 year non-aggression pact, but the main thing people usually talk about with it (other than Germany breaking it with Operation Barbarossa) is that it contained secret protocols where the two countries agreed to remain neutral if the other went to war with a another country, and they divided Finland, the Balkans, and Poland into German and Russian spheres of influence. Germany got Ostpreußen, Lithuania, and about a third of Poland, and the USSR got the rest of Poland, Estonia, Latvia, and Finland. So it's correct to say they had a non-aggression pact at the beginning of World War 2, but the practical reality was that they basically flat-out agreed that they were both about to engage in some imperialistic warfare, and they emboldened and helped each other by clarifying the boundaries in advance. Calling it just a non-aggression pact is downplaying the parts that were really important, and which were kept secret until after the war. Sort of. They negotiated a defensive pact and the carving up of Poland and the Baltic states just before the outbreak of war in Europe. Hitler needed to guarantee peace on his eastern flank while he attacked France, he also needed Russian grain to feed the Germans. Stalin lacked heavy machinery and weaponry to protect against Japan and to aid in their industrialisation, so got that in exchange. It was way more than just an old cease fire agreement. The reason they had a NAP was more then just to carve up territory. Yes they both wanted lost territory from the first world War, but they had made other arrangements much more historically significant. Stalin agreed to let the Wehrmacht and Luftwaffe to test and develope combat vehicles in their territory, because the Versailles treaty didn't allow for Germany to do this at home. They basically found a loop hole, a secret loop hole that wasnt shared with the world at the time Stalin had his reasons too however, he had just purged his command structure (look up stains purges) and required time to recoup his losses. Basically they both new they'd end up fighting (Stalin was a little more optimistic to how soon it would come though) and needed time to revitalize their militaries. The Winter War is proof of how badly the purges effected the soviet army. Not really re the USA. WW2 is traditionally defined as starting Sep 1 1939 when Germany invaded Poland (some historians now give 1937 as a start date: Japan's invasion of China). The USA didn't enter until Dec 7 1941 after Pearl Harbor. That is 25 months after the traditional start. From then it was 45 months until the Japanese surrender - so the USA didn't come into the war until well after a third of the way through. That isn't really "fairly early on" (though it is compared with their entry into WW1). Re Russia: the "non-aggression pact" with Nazi Germany was significantly more than that, in that it included an agreement to carve up Poland. It could be said that in that campaign at least they were allies as they fought against a mutual enemy, and there was military (training especially) and logistical/supply (food & materiel transports) assistance bundled into the pact. In fact, supplies were still being sent from the USSR to Germany when Barbarossa began in June 1941. T be fair Britain was on par with France for the majority of European history and even defeated them a few times. France surrendered to preserve Paris so it wouldn't be destroyed. I don't know if they've necessarily gone downhill. I feel like after WWII and the sharing of resources with NATO, it's difficult for one European military to really stand out in this day and age. Maybe aside from the UK because they seem to get lumped into whatever the US is doing. But anyways, I think France is still up there in military power. I'd say they're in the top 5. Above the UK. Above the UK By what metrics? Above the UK. Really? I thought we were more or less on an equal footing with them, not above. Tell me why do you think France is above? Equipments are of the same generation and we both have nukes, as well as submarines capable of launching them. Am I forgetting/missing/don't know something? United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule, we shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender, and if, which I do not for a moment believe, this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our Empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British Fleet, would carry on the struggle, until, in God's good time, the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old. Is anyone else hard right now? But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Not until I read your username. It would be stranger if you weren't. This gave me goosebumps But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Aye... and the Brits dealt with a lot of weird, new, and terrifying methods of attack (such as the V2 program) and still held steadfast! Churchill was going to sacrifice Scotland to the Nazis True story. Like, on an alter? No, on an altar. for realsies? Churchill also hated Stalin and the USSR and wanted to preemptively drop a nuke on Russia. True store. Churchill didn't own Scotland. True story. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Irish person here - I can attribute that the british rarely give up...places/things that they stole. True story Yes just like when the saxons invaded, or when the Vikings invaded, or when the Norman's invaded. You guys have an impeccable record if I do say so myself. The UK was founded in 1707. Long after all of those invasions. England was only ever (fully) conquered once and that was by the the Normans. Otherwise areas of England were taken, but never the entirety. We then employed our secret weapon and absorbed the invaders, including aspects of their cultures that were beneficial and of course any technology they brought, also words/ideas from their language. So like China ? You are borg... Considering modern Britons have all those groups as ancestors I don't really know who you think "you guys" are. We are the true, pure, throughbred race of germanic/celtic/Scandinavian/latin people that are the brittish! IN THE NAME OF THE EMPRESS! ROYAL MEHREEEENS! The last successful invasion of the British isles was the Norman invasion in fucking 1066. I know it's an island, but if it's been almost 1600 years since you've been truly invaded, they must be doing something right. Edit: so apparently it's 2016 and not 2600. Unrelated question, anyone happen to see a delorean around? 2016-1066=1600 years? I think you're forgetting about the Kalaxian infiltration during the 3rd Amalthean Congress in 2366. Just because they were mind-controlling insects, and managed to take over in secret doesn't mean it wasn't a successful invasion. i'm confused by your math France probably suffered the worst out of all the countries in WWI. Most of the Western Front was on French soil. The English have never really experienced total warfare like the French. This calls for the British version of MURICA!!!!! That would be BRITAIN!!!!! RULE BRITANNIA!!!! renamed french fries to freedom fries This was never really serious, they are still called french fries or just fries began backtalking the French military This definitely began before the Iraq War I'm not sure people in France were even offended by the freedom fries since we all know that fries are belgian ;) If I recall correctly, the American stereotype of the French always surrendering started during the Vietnam War when the French backed out of Vietnam because they thought the war couldn't be won. I do think the idea was solidified, especially among younger people who were not around during the Vietnam War, when France refused to invade Iraq with the US. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany...and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is why france was overrun and surrendered in record time. They deserve the flack the get for idiotic military tactics, Hell they should get more flack. Whilst this is true and the reason for their quick surrender it benefits from hindsight which makes their decision to rely on the Maginot line stupid but at the time was sensible. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. The line extended through belgium and they fully expected the Germans to pass through the lowlands. So they could reinforce the line when they did. But the Germans were faster then expected. Also the lack of reserves for holding up the German army was also partly because no one expected Germany to rebuild their military so quickly either. That time period was one where military technology took a great leap forward. Many of the presumptions made by the French was on a war similar to WWI where warfare was slow and land had to be gained inch by inch. How could they be expected to account 20 years into the future where tanks and planes had increased so greatly and could circumvent natural terrain so easily? Idiotic now? Yeah for sure. Back then probably not. They were probably just thinking how the hell it happened. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. Not even the Germans. Unimaginable warfare? Driverless cars bringing terminators in on our interstates, occupying the highways to control food and flow of people. The city can be occupied in hours with this tactic. While it was considered by the Belgians, that Germany would move trough Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands the French and English ignored their warnings. Swiss intelligence also detected several tank divisions and warned the French; who again ignored those warnings. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Wrong. The wall was built so that a direct attack was impossible, forcing Germany to invade either Belgium or Switzerland to attack, making their diplomatic position untenable while forcing the UK to come to French aid. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany They didn't extend the wall through the Belgium border for several reasons, the most important two of which was that the wall was a gargantuanly expensive project, which was seen as unneeded as the time it took for the Germans to plow through Belgium would allow the French to move in to help, keeping the war and devastation away from French soil. Secondly, diplomatically speaking, building the wall through Belgium would be sending the signal to Belgium and other countries Germany invaded, that France was leaving them as cannon fodder for Germany, to be occupied at will. The diplomatic consequences of this would be severe, and affect France even the war started, as a Belgian government aware of such a fact would much more readily cooperate with the Germans and against the French to prevent needless slaughter. and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. The Germans had already went around the position where the wall was built in WW1, before the wall was built. If they hadn't built any wall, the Germans would still have come from Belgium, if they wanted to defeat France. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is so patently false on all accounts, it's mindboggling how you decided the need to make your post. The French were defeated because the Germans made several feints in Belgium and attacked the Netherlands specifically with the purpose of luring the French army into Belgium and the Netherlands, while the faster sections of the German army, namely their tank divisions, snuck through a heavily forested area in Belgium, under heavy air superiority cover. Once they were out of the forest, the French army defending that section was considerably light, since they presumed the Germans couldn't come from there without being spotted or with the need for heavy regrouping, which would allow the French forces to rebalance. The problem with this theory is that it failed to taking into account the mobility of the new tank forces. Once the tanks were out, they drove to the coast (Not around the wall as you ignorantly speak), to trap the French and British armies who had advanced to Belgium and the Netherlands, and then to attack those armies from all sides until they surrendered. Neither the best units nor most of the army was posted on the wall, since the wall was impregnable, and the best units were not needed there. Spot on, damn. Most of the "best units" like the BEF and Foreign Legion were preparing to take the fight to Germany in the Low countries. The french had the mentality that the second world War if there was one would be like the first. Long and static. They deployed their tanks (which at that time were considered pretty good, at least better then the light German tanks.) As supportive roles with infantry. Basically the Germans learned from the hell hole that was the western front during ww1, the french spent most their resources on outdated tactics while Germans developed new ones like Blitzkrieg. The french spent billions to make a super trench in alsace. Only time it was truly used was when the allies invaded france, the Germans occupied it and turned their defenses against them, ironically. It's funny to think that while Germans were preparing for a blitz of Europe, the french had special rooms for their soldiers to get a nice tan in underground tanning rooms in the maginot line and plant flowers on the surface to keep up morale. I think the founding of Germany is the mark of the french militaries fall from prestige. They based their defenses on the assumption that Belgium wouldn't disappear in a second. Nothing withstood blitzkrieg. Except the Russian winter. That withstood blitzkrieg. Other than that, nothing. I mean, apart from the English channel. That was kind of effective too. TL;DR don't share a border with a dangerous superpower This is a vast oversimplification of recent military history, ignoring some major points like Frances loss in Vietnam, and unwillingness to cooperate with NATO during the cold war sometimes. And no, the French did not concede WWII to the Germans to prevent a "meaningless slaughter". The French are kind of big on Sovereignty and being French, which is why they had such a major resistance force against the Germans. US didn't get involved until the end Russia was even allied with Germany at the start You're conflating facts from both wars into one. The US joined near the end for WW1, but fairly early on WW2 Russia was against Germany in WW1 from beginning but had non-aggression pacts with them at beginning of WW2 After Japan dropped a whole bunch of fuck you how about that on Hawaii... fairly early on WW2 More than two years in. And it didn't exactly 'join'. Japan and Germany declared war on it. It went like this. Japan declared war on the U.S.---U.S. declared war on Japan---Germany declared war on U.S. ----U.S. declared war on Germany. More than two years in. The U.S. was fighting a proxy war funneling money and guns to the allies since the start. They just didn't send their troops until the end of the first 1/3 of the war. Please correct me if I'' wrong here. This memory is from a jr high report and it's been over 20 years. I understand that Russia and Germany were in a non-aggression stance on the eve of world war 2, but wasn't this simply a temporary thing resulting from their recent proxy war involvement in the Spanish civil war? As in, they just finished an unofficial fight and had called a truce after it became clear that Francisco Franco was going to win? Again, I'm working from an old memory here so feel free to correct me. You're thinking of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. It was a 10 year non-aggression pact, but the main thing people usually talk about with it (other than Germany breaking it with Operation Barbarossa) is that it contained secret protocols where the two countries agreed to remain neutral if the other went to war with a another country, and they divided Finland, the Balkans, and Poland into German and Russian spheres of influence. Germany got Ostpreußen, Lithuania, and about a third of Poland, and the USSR got the rest of Poland, Estonia, Latvia, and Finland. So it's correct to say they had a non-aggression pact at the beginning of World War 2, but the practical reality was that they basically flat-out agreed that they were both about to engage in some imperialistic warfare, and they emboldened and helped each other by clarifying the boundaries in advance. Calling it just a non-aggression pact is downplaying the parts that were really important, and which were kept secret until after the war. Sort of. They negotiated a defensive pact and the carving up of Poland and the Baltic states just before the outbreak of war in Europe. Hitler needed to guarantee peace on his eastern flank while he attacked France, he also needed Russian grain to feed the Germans. Stalin lacked heavy machinery and weaponry to protect against Japan and to aid in their industrialisation, so got that in exchange. It was way more than just an old cease fire agreement. The reason they had a NAP was more then just to carve up territory. Yes they both wanted lost territory from the first world War, but they had made other arrangements much more historically significant. Stalin agreed to let the Wehrmacht and Luftwaffe to test and develope combat vehicles in their territory, because the Versailles treaty didn't allow for Germany to do this at home. They basically found a loop hole, a secret loop hole that wasnt shared with the world at the time Stalin had his reasons too however, he had just purged his command structure (look up stains purges) and required time to recoup his losses. Basically they both new they'd end up fighting (Stalin was a little more optimistic to how soon it would come though) and needed time to revitalize their militaries. The Winter War is proof of how badly the purges effected the soviet army. Not really re the USA. WW2 is traditionally defined as starting Sep 1 1939 when Germany invaded Poland (some historians now give 1937 as a start date: Japan's invasion of China). The USA didn't enter until Dec 7 1941 after Pearl Harbor. That is 25 months after the traditional start. From then it was 45 months until the Japanese surrender - so the USA didn't come into the war until well after a third of the way through. That isn't really "fairly early on" (though it is compared with their entry into WW1). Re Russia: the "non-aggression pact" with Nazi Germany was significantly more than that, in that it included an agreement to carve up Poland. It could be said that in that campaign at least they were allies as they fought against a mutual enemy, and there was military (training especially) and logistical/supply (food & materiel transports) assistance bundled into the pact. In fact, supplies were still being sent from the USSR to Germany when Barbarossa began in June 1941. T be fair Britain was on par with France for the majority of European history and even defeated them a few times. France surrendered to preserve Paris so it wouldn't be destroyed. Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule, we shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender, and if, which I do not for a moment believe, this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our Empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British Fleet, would carry on the struggle, until, in God's good time, the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old. Is anyone else hard right now? But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Not until I read your username. It would be stranger if you weren't. This gave me goosebumps But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Aye... and the Brits dealt with a lot of weird, new, and terrifying methods of attack (such as the V2 program) and still held steadfast! Churchill was going to sacrifice Scotland to the Nazis True story. Like, on an alter? No, on an altar. for realsies? Churchill also hated Stalin and the USSR and wanted to preemptively drop a nuke on Russia. True store. Churchill didn't own Scotland. True story. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland here. It's a Channel and we wouldn't have surrendered if the Germans had invaded, we'd have bristled our moustaches and tutted at their savagery until they apologised and left. Irish person here - I can attribute that the british rarely give up...places/things that they stole. True story Yes just like when the saxons invaded, or when the Vikings invaded, or when the Norman's invaded. You guys have an impeccable record if I do say so myself. The UK was founded in 1707. Long after all of those invasions. England was only ever (fully) conquered once and that was by the the Normans. Otherwise areas of England were taken, but never the entirety. We then employed our secret weapon and absorbed the invaders, including aspects of their cultures that were beneficial and of course any technology they brought, also words/ideas from their language. So like China ? You are borg... Considering modern Britons have all those groups as ancestors I don't really know who you think "you guys" are. We are the true, pure, throughbred race of germanic/celtic/Scandinavian/latin people that are the brittish! IN THE NAME OF THE EMPRESS! ROYAL MEHREEEENS! The last successful invasion of the British isles was the Norman invasion in fucking 1066. I know it's an island, but if it's been almost 1600 years since you've been truly invaded, they must be doing something right. Edit: so apparently it's 2016 and not 2600. Unrelated question, anyone happen to see a delorean around? 2016-1066=1600 years? I think you're forgetting about the Kalaxian infiltration during the 3rd Amalthean Congress in 2366. Just because they were mind-controlling insects, and managed to take over in secret doesn't mean it wasn't a successful invasion. i'm confused by your math France probably suffered the worst out of all the countries in WWI. Most of the Western Front was on French soil. The English have never really experienced total warfare like the French. This calls for the British version of MURICA!!!!! That would be BRITAIN!!!!! RULE BRITANNIA!!!! Is anyone else hard right now? But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Not until I read your username. It would be stranger if you weren't. This gave me goosebumps But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Aye... and the Brits dealt with a lot of weird, new, and terrifying methods of attack (such as the V2 program) and still held steadfast! But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Not until I read your username. It would be stranger if you weren't. But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. Like, on an alter? No, on an altar. for realsies? Churchill also hated Stalin and the USSR and wanted to preemptively drop a nuke on Russia. True store. Churchill didn't own Scotland. True story. No, on an altar. True story The UK was founded in 1707. Long after all of those invasions. England was only ever (fully) conquered once and that was by the the Normans. Otherwise areas of England were taken, but never the entirety. We then employed our secret weapon and absorbed the invaders, including aspects of their cultures that were beneficial and of course any technology they brought, also words/ideas from their language. So like China ? You are borg... Considering modern Britons have all those groups as ancestors I don't really know who you think "you guys" are. We are the true, pure, throughbred race of germanic/celtic/Scandinavian/latin people that are the brittish! IN THE NAME OF THE EMPRESS! ROYAL MEHREEEENS! The last successful invasion of the British isles was the Norman invasion in fucking 1066. I know it's an island, but if it's been almost 1600 years since you've been truly invaded, they must be doing something right. Edit: so apparently it's 2016 and not 2600. Unrelated question, anyone happen to see a delorean around? 2016-1066=1600 years? I think you're forgetting about the Kalaxian infiltration during the 3rd Amalthean Congress in 2366. Just because they were mind-controlling insects, and managed to take over in secret doesn't mean it wasn't a successful invasion. i'm confused by your math So like China ? You are borg... We are the true, pure, throughbred race of germanic/celtic/Scandinavian/latin people that are the brittish! IN THE NAME OF THE EMPRESS! ROYAL MEHREEEENS! 2016-1066=1600 years? I think you're forgetting about the Kalaxian infiltration during the 3rd Amalthean Congress in 2366. Just because they were mind-controlling insects, and managed to take over in secret doesn't mean it wasn't a successful invasion. i'm confused by your math That would be BRITAIN!!!!! RULE BRITANNIA!!!! RULE BRITANNIA!!!! I'm not sure people in France were even offended by the freedom fries since we all know that fries are belgian ;) If I recall correctly, the American stereotype of the French always surrendering started during the Vietnam War when the French backed out of Vietnam because they thought the war couldn't be won. I do think the idea was solidified, especially among younger people who were not around during the Vietnam War, when France refused to invade Iraq with the US. Whilst this is true and the reason for their quick surrender it benefits from hindsight which makes their decision to rely on the Maginot line stupid but at the time was sensible. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. The line extended through belgium and they fully expected the Germans to pass through the lowlands. So they could reinforce the line when they did. But the Germans were faster then expected. Also the lack of reserves for holding up the German army was also partly because no one expected Germany to rebuild their military so quickly either. That time period was one where military technology took a great leap forward. Many of the presumptions made by the French was on a war similar to WWI where warfare was slow and land had to be gained inch by inch. How could they be expected to account 20 years into the future where tanks and planes had increased so greatly and could circumvent natural terrain so easily? Idiotic now? Yeah for sure. Back then probably not. They were probably just thinking how the hell it happened. Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. Not even the Germans. Unimaginable warfare? Driverless cars bringing terminators in on our interstates, occupying the highways to control food and flow of people. The city can be occupied in hours with this tactic. While it was considered by the Belgians, that Germany would move trough Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands the French and English ignored their warnings. Swiss intelligence also detected several tank divisions and warned the French; who again ignored those warnings. France got overrun because they built a wall after WW1 to stop the Germans from ever invading again. Wrong. The wall was built so that a direct attack was impossible, forcing Germany to invade either Belgium or Switzerland to attack, making their diplomatic position untenable while forcing the UK to come to French aid. Unfortunately the French didn't extend that wall north of their boarder with Germany They didn't extend the wall through the Belgium border for several reasons, the most important two of which was that the wall was a gargantuanly expensive project, which was seen as unneeded as the time it took for the Germans to plow through Belgium would allow the French to move in to help, keeping the war and devastation away from French soil. Secondly, diplomatically speaking, building the wall through Belgium would be sending the signal to Belgium and other countries Germany invaded, that France was leaving them as cannon fodder for Germany, to be occupied at will. The diplomatic consequences of this would be severe, and affect France even the war started, as a Belgian government aware of such a fact would much more readily cooperate with the Germans and against the French to prevent needless slaughter. and so the Germans just went around it when they attacked. The Germans had already went around the position where the wall was built in WW1, before the wall was built. If they hadn't built any wall, the Germans would still have come from Belgium, if they wanted to defeat France. Since the French had all of their best troops stationed on the wall the rest of France was pretty much left undefended. This is so patently false on all accounts, it's mindboggling how you decided the need to make your post. The French were defeated because the Germans made several feints in Belgium and attacked the Netherlands specifically with the purpose of luring the French army into Belgium and the Netherlands, while the faster sections of the German army, namely their tank divisions, snuck through a heavily forested area in Belgium, under heavy air superiority cover. Once they were out of the forest, the French army defending that section was considerably light, since they presumed the Germans couldn't come from there without being spotted or with the need for heavy regrouping, which would allow the French forces to rebalance. The problem with this theory is that it failed to taking into account the mobility of the new tank forces. Once the tanks were out, they drove to the coast (Not around the wall as you ignorantly speak), to trap the French and British armies who had advanced to Belgium and the Netherlands, and then to attack those armies from all sides until they surrendered. Neither the best units nor most of the army was posted on the wall, since the wall was impregnable, and the best units were not needed there. Spot on, damn. Most of the "best units" like the BEF and Foreign Legion were preparing to take the fight to Germany in the Low countries. The french had the mentality that the second world War if there was one would be like the first. Long and static. They deployed their tanks (which at that time were considered pretty good, at least better then the light German tanks.) As supportive roles with infantry. Basically the Germans learned from the hell hole that was the western front during ww1, the french spent most their resources on outdated tactics while Germans developed new ones like Blitzkrieg. The french spent billions to make a super trench in alsace. Only time it was truly used was when the allies invaded france, the Germans occupied it and turned their defenses against them, ironically. It's funny to think that while Germans were preparing for a blitz of Europe, the french had special rooms for their soldiers to get a nice tan in underground tanning rooms in the maginot line and plant flowers on the surface to keep up morale. I think the founding of Germany is the mark of the french militaries fall from prestige. They based their defenses on the assumption that Belgium wouldn't disappear in a second. Nothing withstood blitzkrieg. Except the Russian winter. That withstood blitzkrieg. Other than that, nothing. I mean, apart from the English channel. That was kind of effective too. TL;DR don't share a border with a dangerous superpower Nobody expected the German tanks to be able to pass through the Ardennes forest so easily. Not even the Germans. Unimaginable warfare? Driverless cars bringing terminators in on our interstates, occupying the highways to control food and flow of people. The city can be occupied in hours with this tactic. While it was considered by the Belgians, that Germany would move trough Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands the French and English ignored their warnings. Swiss intelligence also detected several tank divisions and warned the French; who again ignored those warnings. Spot on, damn. Most of the "best units" like the BEF and Foreign Legion were preparing to take the fight to Germany in the Low countries. The french had the mentality that the second world War if there was one would be like the first. Long and static. They deployed their tanks (which at that time were considered pretty good, at least better then the light German tanks.) As supportive roles with infantry. Basically the Germans learned from the hell hole that was the western front during ww1, the french spent most their resources on outdated tactics while Germans developed new ones like Blitzkrieg. The french spent billions to make a super trench in alsace. Only time it was truly used was when the allies invaded france, the Germans occupied it and turned their defenses against them, ironically. It's funny to think that while Germans were preparing for a blitz of Europe, the french had special rooms for their soldiers to get a nice tan in underground tanning rooms in the maginot line and plant flowers on the surface to keep up morale. I think the founding of Germany is the mark of the french militaries fall from prestige. After Japan dropped a whole bunch of fuck you how about that on Hawaii... fairly early on WW2 More than two years in. And it didn't exactly 'join'. Japan and Germany declared war on it. It went like this. Japan declared war on the U.S.---U.S. declared war on Japan---Germany declared war on U.S. ----U.S. declared war on Germany. More than two years in. The U.S. was fighting a proxy war funneling money and guns to the allies since the start. They just didn't send their troops until the end of the first 1/3 of the war. Please correct me if I'' wrong here. This memory is from a jr high report and it's been over 20 years. I understand that Russia and Germany were in a non-aggression stance on the eve of world war 2, but wasn't this simply a temporary thing resulting from their recent proxy war involvement in the Spanish civil war? As in, they just finished an unofficial fight and had called a truce after it became clear that Francisco Franco was going to win? Again, I'm working from an old memory here so feel free to correct me. You're thinking of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. It was a 10 year non-aggression pact, but the main thing people usually talk about with it (other than Germany breaking it with Operation Barbarossa) is that it contained secret protocols where the two countries agreed to remain neutral if the other went to war with a another country, and they divided Finland, the Balkans, and Poland into German and Russian spheres of influence. Germany got Ostpreußen, Lithuania, and about a third of Poland, and the USSR got the rest of Poland, Estonia, Latvia, and Finland. So it's correct to say they had a non-aggression pact at the beginning of World War 2, but the practical reality was that they basically flat-out agreed that they were both about to engage in some imperialistic warfare, and they emboldened and helped each other by clarifying the boundaries in advance. Calling it just a non-aggression pact is downplaying the parts that were really important, and which were kept secret until after the war. Sort of. They negotiated a defensive pact and the carving up of Poland and the Baltic states just before the outbreak of war in Europe. Hitler needed to guarantee peace on his eastern flank while he attacked France, he also needed Russian grain to feed the Germans. Stalin lacked heavy machinery and weaponry to protect against Japan and to aid in their industrialisation, so got that in exchange. It was way more than just an old cease fire agreement. The reason they had a NAP was more then just to carve up territory. Yes they both wanted lost territory from the first world War, but they had made other arrangements much more historically significant. Stalin agreed to let the Wehrmacht and Luftwaffe to test and develope combat vehicles in their territory, because the Versailles treaty didn't allow for Germany to do this at home. They basically found a loop hole, a secret loop hole that wasnt shared with the world at the time Stalin had his reasons too however, he had just purged his command structure (look up stains purges) and required time to recoup his losses. Basically they both new they'd end up fighting (Stalin was a little more optimistic to how soon it would come though) and needed time to revitalize their militaries. The Winter War is proof of how badly the purges effected the soviet army. Not really re the USA. WW2 is traditionally defined as starting Sep 1 1939 when Germany invaded Poland (some historians now give 1937 as a start date: Japan's invasion of China). The USA didn't enter until Dec 7 1941 after Pearl Harbor. That is 25 months after the traditional start. From then it was 45 months until the Japanese surrender - so the USA didn't come into the war until well after a third of the way through. That isn't really "fairly early on" (though it is compared with their entry into WW1). Re Russia: the "non-aggression pact" with Nazi Germany was significantly more than that, in that it included an agreement to carve up Poland. It could be said that in that campaign at least they were allies as they fought against a mutual enemy, and there was military (training especially) and logistical/supply (food & materiel transports) assistance bundled into the pact. In fact, supplies were still being sent from the USSR to Germany when Barbarossa began in June 1941. It went like this. Japan declared war on the U.S.---U.S. declared war on Japan---Germany declared war on U.S. ----U.S. declared war on Germany. More than two years in. The U.S. was fighting a proxy war funneling money and guns to the allies since the start. They just didn't send their troops until the end of the first 1/3 of the war. You're thinking of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. It was a 10 year non-aggression pact, but the main thing people usually talk about with it (other than Germany breaking it with Operation Barbarossa) is that it contained secret protocols where the two countries agreed to remain neutral if the other went to war with a another country, and they divided Finland, the Balkans, and Poland into German and Russian spheres of influence. Germany got Ostpreußen, Lithuania, and about a third of Poland, and the USSR got the rest of Poland, Estonia, Latvia, and Finland. So it's correct to say they had a non-aggression pact at the beginning of World War 2, but the practical reality was that they basically flat-out agreed that they were both about to engage in some imperialistic warfare, and they emboldened and helped each other by clarifying the boundaries in advance. Calling it just a non-aggression pact is downplaying the parts that were really important, and which were kept secret until after the war. Sort of. They negotiated a defensive pact and the carving up of Poland and the Baltic states just before the outbreak of war in Europe. Hitler needed to guarantee peace on his eastern flank while he attacked France, he also needed Russian grain to feed the Germans. Stalin lacked heavy machinery and weaponry to protect against Japan and to aid in their industrialisation, so got that in exchange. It was way more than just an old cease fire agreement. The reason they had a NAP was more then just to carve up territory. Yes they both wanted lost territory from the first world War, but they had made other arrangements much more historically significant. Stalin agreed to let the Wehrmacht and Luftwaffe to test and develope combat vehicles in their territory, because the Versailles treaty didn't allow for Germany to do this at home. They basically found a loop hole, a secret loop hole that wasnt shared with the world at the time Stalin had his reasons too however, he had just purged his command structure (look up stains purges) and required time to recoup his losses. Basically they both new they'd end up fighting (Stalin was a little more optimistic to how soon it would come though) and needed time to revitalize their militaries. The Winter War is proof of how badly the purges effected the soviet army. Above the UK By what metrics? Above the UK. Really? I thought we were more or less on an equal footing with them, not above. Tell me why do you think France is above? Equipments are of the same generation and we both have nukes, as well as submarines capable of launching them. Am I forgetting/missing/don't know something? Why does it have 6 pedals if there's only 4 directions? Church? Is that you? Ach! You killed Church you team killing fucktard. You haven't learned to make your tank turn up yet? You kids with your damn lingo. Turn down, turn up. I don't understand. You either turn down, for what? or turn up for yourself. Simple as that. Turn down, turn up? What is so simple about this!?!?! Are we in space, which has no direction!?!!?!?! I don't understand your code! Turn down for what? turn up for what? turn up for what? Fucking RVB /r/UnexpectedRedvBlue You disappoint me with your fake subs. I read this and still clicked the link...... It's going to be a long day There's a saying in France, it goes "put your best foot forward, but with your other five feet, be prepared to retreat!" I have never even been to France. You are from the internet so I believe you. The problem with quotes from the internet you can never be certain of they're authentic. - Abraham Lincoln It's a legitimate strategy. Simmons! Hwat in the sam hell is a pooma? Firing Main Cannon We all read this in her voice. Firing Main Cannon. I understood that reference Omg red vs blue, that was the fucking funniest line hahahaa It's a tactical repositioning. I was told that about the Italians... Church? Is that you? Ach! You killed Church you team killing fucktard. You haven't learned to make your tank turn up yet? You kids with your damn lingo. Turn down, turn up. I don't understand. You either turn down, for what? or turn up for yourself. Simple as that. Turn down, turn up? What is so simple about this!?!?! Are we in space, which has no direction!?!!?!?! I don't understand your code! Turn down for what? turn up for what? turn up for what? Fucking RVB /r/UnexpectedRedvBlue You disappoint me with your fake subs. I read this and still clicked the link...... It's going to be a long day There's a saying in France, it goes "put your best foot forward, but with your other five feet, be prepared to retreat!" I have never even been to France. You are from the internet so I believe you. The problem with quotes from the internet you can never be certain of they're authentic. - Abraham Lincoln It's a legitimate strategy. Simmons! Hwat in the sam hell is a pooma? Firing Main Cannon We all read this in her voice. Firing Main Cannon. I understood that reference Omg red vs blue, that was the fucking funniest line hahahaa Ach! You killed Church you team killing fucktard. You kids with your damn lingo. Turn down, turn up. I don't understand. You either turn down, for what? or turn up for yourself. Simple as that. Turn down, turn up? What is so simple about this!?!?! Are we in space, which has no direction!?!!?!?! I don't understand your code! Turn down for what? turn up for what? turn up for what? You either turn down, for what? or turn up for yourself. Simple as that. Turn down, turn up? What is so simple about this!?!?! Are we in space, which has no direction!?!!?!?! I don't understand your code! Turn down for what? Turn down, turn up? What is so simple about this!?!?! Are we in space, which has no direction!?!!?!?! I don't understand your code! turn up for what? You disappoint me with your fake subs. I read this and still clicked the link...... It's going to be a long day I read this and still clicked the link...... It's going to be a long day You are from the internet so I believe you. The problem with quotes from the internet you can never be certain of they're authentic. - Abraham Lincoln The problem with quotes from the internet you can never be certain of they're authentic. - Abraham Lincoln We all read this in her voice. Firing Main Cannon. That's a good W/L but what about their K/D? You see comrade, when you have large manpower like Russia, you don't needings many killings. Just throw men at enemy until enemy has no ammo. Ah, the Zap Brannigan maneuver! Their KD was awful. Yep, mostly because their Generals didn't give a shit about the soldiers, knowing there will be plenty to take their position. They ordered suicidal attacks, knowing they would send thousands of men into certain death, only to keep the Germans busy and break through somewhere else. Stalin actively encouraged that behaviour with his Order 227 "No Step Back". Also, their industry was pretty basic and couldn't support such a large army; they relied heavily on Lend-Lease shipments from the USA. TIL Russia's strategies are very similar to how I play battlefield Yeah I play the same way, I keep throwing myself into way over extended positions where I know I'm gunna die and just try to thin them out enough for a push through Ah, the ole "Zapp Brannigan" strategem. It's a bold move Cotton. Seems like something a random German would want them to do... It went down after the russian invasion You see comrade, when you have large manpower like Russia, you don't needings many killings. Just throw men at enemy until enemy has no ammo. Ah, the Zap Brannigan maneuver! Their KD was awful. Yep, mostly because their Generals didn't give a shit about the soldiers, knowing there will be plenty to take their position. They ordered suicidal attacks, knowing they would send thousands of men into certain death, only to keep the Germans busy and break through somewhere else. Stalin actively encouraged that behaviour with his Order 227 "No Step Back". Also, their industry was pretty basic and couldn't support such a large army; they relied heavily on Lend-Lease shipments from the USA. TIL Russia's strategies are very similar to how I play battlefield Yeah I play the same way, I keep throwing myself into way over extended positions where I know I'm gunna die and just try to thin them out enough for a push through Ah, the ole "Zapp Brannigan" strategem. It's a bold move Cotton. Seems like something a random German would want them to do... It went down after the russian invasion Ah, the Zap Brannigan maneuver! Their KD was awful. Yep, mostly because their Generals didn't give a shit about the soldiers, knowing there will be plenty to take their position. They ordered suicidal attacks, knowing they would send thousands of men into certain death, only to keep the Germans busy and break through somewhere else. Stalin actively encouraged that behaviour with his Order 227 "No Step Back". Also, their industry was pretty basic and couldn't support such a large army; they relied heavily on Lend-Lease shipments from the USA. TIL Russia's strategies are very similar to how I play battlefield Yeah I play the same way, I keep throwing myself into way over extended positions where I know I'm gunna die and just try to thin them out enough for a push through Ah, the ole "Zapp Brannigan" strategem. It's a bold move Cotton. Seems like something a random German would want them to do... Yep, mostly because their Generals didn't give a shit about the soldiers, knowing there will be plenty to take their position. They ordered suicidal attacks, knowing they would send thousands of men into certain death, only to keep the Germans busy and break through somewhere else. Stalin actively encouraged that behaviour with his Order 227 "No Step Back". Also, their industry was pretty basic and couldn't support such a large army; they relied heavily on Lend-Lease shipments from the USA. Yeah I play the same way, I keep throwing myself into way over extended positions where I know I'm gunna die and just try to thin them out enough for a push through The Maginot line doomed them completely, and all because they assumed that fucking Hitler wouldn't try going through Belgium. Thank you! I originally used a different word there, but quickly realized that it didn't fit. I almost left it at just 'successful' but I felt 'tenacious' was a good fit. I cant tell if you are being sarcastic or not.. I am not, I've seen people putting that at the end of their posts but I have no idea, thanks for explaining it It is the sarcasm tag meaning that sarcasm is over now. I am not, I've seen people putting that at the end of their posts but I have no idea, thanks for explaining it It is the sarcasm tag meaning that sarcasm is over now. It is the sarcasm tag meaning that sarcasm is over now. wrong war Well, they still spoke German back then. Yes they did . . Well, they still spoke German back then. Yes they did . . Yes they did . . You double commented, might wanna delete this one. Edit: I only said this cause his score was negative at the time I posted this. Oh well. Don't you fucking tell them how to run their life. Wat you say to me m8? You wanna be like that guy in op's gif? /s yeah gonna stabb u o rly? Yis rly U know what skool i went 2 m8? Don't you fucking tell them how to run their life. Wat you say to me m8? You wanna be like that guy in op's gif? /s yeah gonna stabb u o rly? Yis rly U know what skool i went 2 m8? Wat you say to me m8? You wanna be like that guy in op's gif? /s yeah gonna stabb u o rly? Yis rly U know what skool i went 2 m8? yeah gonna stabb u o rly? Yis rly U know what skool i went 2 m8? o rly? Yis rly U know what skool i went 2 m8? Yis rly U know what skool i went 2 m8? U know what skool i went 2 m8? Is this a vintage 2011 era white Ra starcraft 2 meme? Wow I never would have imagined. Obviously a seasoned meme connoisseur like myself instantly recognized it... Memes arent always best served fresh, obviously a meme connoisseur such as yourself relishes in the delight of a dank vintage meme. Memes arent always best served fresh, obviously a meme connoisseur such as yourself relishes in the delight of a dank vintage meme. My boss either knows I'm slacking, or thinks that I find programming hilariously funny. That article was fucking 10/10. FOR AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AGAAAAATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaAaAAAAaA! Edit: Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! God, I love that they gave you a button to just scream incoherently at your opponent. I was trying to convince my friend to buy Chivalry (I'd just bought it myself) and the "scream your head off" button was what convinced him it was worth it. That's my favorite button in real life. FOR THE ORRRRDDDDEEEEERRRR Being killed by a random crossbow bolt noises FALRAK IS A DOOOOOOOOOOB FALRAK IS A DUUUUUUUUUUUDE thats what I always thought he was saying Video for reference. Holy shit im dying of laughter HHHYYYYYEEEEEAAAAAAAAAARRGGHH Lol yep, nailed it. My favorite was the gurgling sound of PCs drowning in their own blood. Quite satisfies my bloodlust. For the Odooooooooor HELLLLLLLLLLLLPPP!!!! HHEEEELLLLLPPPP MEEEEE!!!! HEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLPPPPPPP!!!! Also a good one from the knights: NO, MY LORD. NO. NO! NOOOO MY LORD. Lol, never got tired of spamming that one. Haha that edit COMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHER THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANK YOU BROTHER Yes my lord! Yes my lord! Yes my lord! No my lord! Yes my lord! No! No! Yes my lord! Yes! No! Hahahaha! Yes my lord! OH YES. AYE. YES MY LORD. YUS! OF COURSE. THEY'RE TAKING THE HOBBITS TO ISENGAARD, THEY'RE TAKING THE HOBBITS TO ISENGAARD, -GAARD, -GAA-oh sorry wrong game. https://youtu.be/fGOKYImVuIA This was my LOTR class in high school...best time of my life. IF YOU'RE TRYING TO FIGHT ME, YOU'RE GOING THE WRONG WAY! THAT'S A PRETTY BIG SWORD, YOU COMPENSATING FOR SOMETHING? "The battle's this way, gorgeous!" "Oh my, aren't you handsome? Better not turn my back on you." I swear the Agathian archer was so gay COME HERE SQUIRE, I NEED SOME HELP WITH MY CODPIECE! Your wife provided fitter sport. AGATHAAA FOREVERRRRRRR! Remember the Cant! Fucking Martians! KILL THOSE ARCHERS!!! MAKE US PURE Not enough spinning overhand power attacks. Great mechanic physics wise, fucking worst mechanic gameplay wise ever. Beyblade: Medieval Warfare This is someone who put 500 hours in and got real good. Now I'm just waiting for Mordhau. I'm terrible at it, but there's no way you got real good after only 500 hours Everytime i go back to chivalry I enjoy the first few fights then there is always that one nobhead who does the instant 180 crouch overhead followed by a normal overhead that is delayed as fuck but when you block at what looks like the right time their sword just stays in the air until you get hit. I miss the LMB fuck fest when that game was first released. Early Chivalry when nobody knew how to play was so fucking incomparably fun. It's one of the best times I've ever had with a game easy. The fact that it was so clowny and hilarious and the devs embraced that made for such a perfect product. Spamming the scream button and yelling weird insults at nobody while you teabag your way into the meat grinder never got old. God damn I miss that. Too bad it ended up being one of those lightning in a bottle pan flashes that got too big for it's own good. It's still a perfect lan game. Everyone spamming the scream button ingame AND screaming the voice lines IRL. And nobody uses the OP tactics. So much fun I'm trying to envision this scene, and it seems gloriously ridiculous It really is. Then there's always one guy being salty about archers AAARRRGGaaahhhhhhaaa I fucking loved the japan pack or whatever it was. The ninja dueling was so much fun omg. You mean deadliest warrior? That shit's great, if stupidly unbalanced. Broom 4 lyfe Yup, thats the one. I'm sorry for being that nobhead. I do not forgive you. No honor, shame to you and your family. Honor is for the dead. (or this if you prefer) Out of curiosity though. How do you block it? If somehow you realize what's happening, you could cancel your block and immediately start a new one, and the timing miiiiight be right. If the attack is delayed enough, kick him. And, if it works and stops his attack, xx3 or xx2. The reverse? No good method other than just keeping your distance or having quick reflexes. The drags? Attack fast enough and you'll stagger him (fast weapon), or trade hits (best with big weapon). Also kicks work wonders and seem to be underestimated. Lots and lots of practice, I have 800 hours and still get caught with my pants down sometimes. I'll take those over the idiots that hit-and-runinacircleawayfromyouandbacktowardsyou all day, anytime. [deleted] I almost exclusivity play man at arms and usually win or place top 3. I would run around as Man at arms and started a fire based cult because of the fire pots. Loved it. Over here, squire! I need help with my codpiece. No ma lord! That game's gone downhill ever since they fixed the "TO ME" bug. This is hilarious and the perfect title for this! OH MY GOD THERE’S MORE OF THEM INCOMIIINNNNGGGGGGGGG!!!! YOUR ALL FOAM AND NO MEAD! So glad this is high up, holy shit lolol AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!! it looked like the grim reaper But the gif is only 6 seconds long..... AGAAAAATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaAaAAAAaA! Edit: Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! God, I love that they gave you a button to just scream incoherently at your opponent. I was trying to convince my friend to buy Chivalry (I'd just bought it myself) and the "scream your head off" button was what convinced him it was worth it. That's my favorite button in real life. FOR THE ORRRRDDDDEEEEERRRR Being killed by a random crossbow bolt noises FALRAK IS A DOOOOOOOOOOB FALRAK IS A DUUUUUUUUUUUDE thats what I always thought he was saying Video for reference. Holy shit im dying of laughter HHHYYYYYEEEEEAAAAAAAAAARRGGHH Lol yep, nailed it. My favorite was the gurgling sound of PCs drowning in their own blood. Quite satisfies my bloodlust. For the Odooooooooor HELLLLLLLLLLLLPPP!!!! HHEEEELLLLLPPPP MEEEEE!!!! HEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLPPPPPPP!!!! Also a good one from the knights: NO, MY LORD. NO. NO! NOOOO MY LORD. Lol, never got tired of spamming that one. Haha that edit COMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHERCOMEHITHER THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANK YOU BROTHER Yes my lord! Yes my lord! Yes my lord! No my lord! Yes my lord! No! No! Yes my lord! Yes! No! Hahahaha! Yes my lord! OH YES. AYE. YES MY LORD. YUS! OF COURSE. THEY'RE TAKING THE HOBBITS TO ISENGAARD, THEY'RE TAKING THE HOBBITS TO ISENGAARD, -GAARD, -GAA-oh sorry wrong game. https://youtu.be/fGOKYImVuIA This was my LOTR class in high school...best time of my life. IF YOU'RE TRYING TO FIGHT ME, YOU'RE GOING THE WRONG WAY! THAT'S A PRETTY BIG SWORD, YOU COMPENSATING FOR SOMETHING? "The battle's this way, gorgeous!" "Oh my, aren't you handsome? Better not turn my back on you." I swear the Agathian archer was so gay COME HERE SQUIRE, I NEED SOME HELP WITH MY CODPIECE! Your wife provided fitter sport. AGATHAAA FOREVERRRRRRR! Remember the Cant! Fucking Martians! KILL THOSE ARCHERS!!! MAKE US PURE God, I love that they gave you a button to just scream incoherently at your opponent. I was trying to convince my friend to buy Chivalry (I'd just bought it myself) and the "scream your head off" button was what convinced him it was worth it. That's my favorite button in real life. FOR THE ORRRRDDDDEEEEERRRR Being killed by a random crossbow bolt noises FALRAK IS A DOOOOOOOOOOB FALRAK IS A DUUUUUUUUUUUDE thats what I always thought he was saying Video for reference. Holy shit im dying of laughter HHHYYYYYEEEEEAAAAAAAAAARRGGHH Lol yep, nailed it. My favorite was the gurgling sound of PCs drowning in their own blood. Quite satisfies my bloodlust. For the Odooooooooor HELLLLLLLLLLLLPPP!!!! HHEEEELLLLLPPPP MEEEEE!!!! HEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLPPPPPPP!!!! Also a good one from the knights: NO, MY LORD. NO. NO! NOOOO MY LORD. Lol, never got tired of spamming that one. Haha that edit I was trying to convince my friend to buy Chivalry (I'd just bought it myself) and the "scream your head off" button was what convinced him it was worth it. That's my favorite button in real life. FALRAK IS A DOOOOOOOOOOB FALRAK IS A DUUUUUUUUUUUDE thats what I always thought he was saying Video for reference. Holy shit im dying of laughter HHHYYYYYEEEEEAAAAAAAAAARRGGHH Lol yep, nailed it. My favorite was the gurgling sound of PCs drowning in their own blood. Quite satisfies my bloodlust. For the Odooooooooor FALRAK IS A DUUUUUUUUUUUDE thats what I always thought he was saying Video for reference. Holy shit im dying of laughter HHHYYYYYEEEEEAAAAAAAAAARRGGHH thats what I always thought he was saying Also a good one from the knights: NO, MY LORD. NO. NO! NOOOO MY LORD. Lol, never got tired of spamming that one. THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKYOUTHANKSTHANKSTHANKSTHANKS THANK YOU BROTHER Yes my lord! Yes my lord! Yes my lord! No my lord! Yes my lord! No! No! Yes my lord! Yes! No! Hahahaha! Yes my lord! OH YES. AYE. YES MY LORD. YUS! OF COURSE. THEY'RE TAKING THE HOBBITS TO ISENGAARD, THEY'RE TAKING THE HOBBITS TO ISENGAARD, -GAARD, -GAA-oh sorry wrong game. https://youtu.be/fGOKYImVuIA This was my LOTR class in high school...best time of my life. THANK YOU BROTHER OH YES. AYE. YES MY LORD. YUS! OF COURSE. THEY'RE TAKING THE HOBBITS TO ISENGAARD, THEY'RE TAKING THE HOBBITS TO ISENGAARD, -GAARD, -GAA-oh sorry wrong game. https://youtu.be/fGOKYImVuIA This was my LOTR class in high school...best time of my life. https://youtu.be/fGOKYImVuIA This was my LOTR class in high school...best time of my life. "The battle's this way, gorgeous!" "Oh my, aren't you handsome? Better not turn my back on you." I swear the Agathian archer was so gay COME HERE SQUIRE, I NEED SOME HELP WITH MY CODPIECE! Your wife provided fitter sport. Your wife provided fitter sport. Remember the Cant! Fucking Martians! Fucking Martians! Great mechanic physics wise, fucking worst mechanic gameplay wise ever. Beyblade: Medieval Warfare This is someone who put 500 hours in and got real good. Now I'm just waiting for Mordhau. I'm terrible at it, but there's no way you got real good after only 500 hours Everytime i go back to chivalry I enjoy the first few fights then there is always that one nobhead who does the instant 180 crouch overhead followed by a normal overhead that is delayed as fuck but when you block at what looks like the right time their sword just stays in the air until you get hit. I miss the LMB fuck fest when that game was first released. Early Chivalry when nobody knew how to play was so fucking incomparably fun. It's one of the best times I've ever had with a game easy. The fact that it was so clowny and hilarious and the devs embraced that made for such a perfect product. Spamming the scream button and yelling weird insults at nobody while you teabag your way into the meat grinder never got old. God damn I miss that. Too bad it ended up being one of those lightning in a bottle pan flashes that got too big for it's own good. It's still a perfect lan game. Everyone spamming the scream button ingame AND screaming the voice lines IRL. And nobody uses the OP tactics. So much fun I'm trying to envision this scene, and it seems gloriously ridiculous It really is. Then there's always one guy being salty about archers AAARRRGGaaahhhhhhaaa I fucking loved the japan pack or whatever it was. The ninja dueling was so much fun omg. You mean deadliest warrior? That shit's great, if stupidly unbalanced. Broom 4 lyfe Yup, thats the one. I'm sorry for being that nobhead. I do not forgive you. No honor, shame to you and your family. Honor is for the dead. (or this if you prefer) Out of curiosity though. How do you block it? If somehow you realize what's happening, you could cancel your block and immediately start a new one, and the timing miiiiight be right. If the attack is delayed enough, kick him. And, if it works and stops his attack, xx3 or xx2. The reverse? No good method other than just keeping your distance or having quick reflexes. The drags? Attack fast enough and you'll stagger him (fast weapon), or trade hits (best with big weapon). Also kicks work wonders and seem to be underestimated. Lots and lots of practice, I have 800 hours and still get caught with my pants down sometimes. I'll take those over the idiots that hit-and-runinacircleawayfromyouandbacktowardsyou all day, anytime. [deleted] I almost exclusivity play man at arms and usually win or place top 3. I would run around as Man at arms and started a fire based cult because of the fire pots. Loved it. Beyblade: Medieval Warfare This is someone who put 500 hours in and got real good. Now I'm just waiting for Mordhau. I'm terrible at it, but there's no way you got real good after only 500 hours Everytime i go back to chivalry I enjoy the first few fights then there is always that one nobhead who does the instant 180 crouch overhead followed by a normal overhead that is delayed as fuck but when you block at what looks like the right time their sword just stays in the air until you get hit. I miss the LMB fuck fest when that game was first released. Early Chivalry when nobody knew how to play was so fucking incomparably fun. It's one of the best times I've ever had with a game easy. The fact that it was so clowny and hilarious and the devs embraced that made for such a perfect product. Spamming the scream button and yelling weird insults at nobody while you teabag your way into the meat grinder never got old. God damn I miss that. Too bad it ended up being one of those lightning in a bottle pan flashes that got too big for it's own good. It's still a perfect lan game. Everyone spamming the scream button ingame AND screaming the voice lines IRL. And nobody uses the OP tactics. So much fun I'm trying to envision this scene, and it seems gloriously ridiculous It really is. Then there's always one guy being salty about archers AAARRRGGaaahhhhhhaaa I fucking loved the japan pack or whatever it was. The ninja dueling was so much fun omg. You mean deadliest warrior? That shit's great, if stupidly unbalanced. Broom 4 lyfe Yup, thats the one. I'm sorry for being that nobhead. I do not forgive you. No honor, shame to you and your family. Honor is for the dead. (or this if you prefer) Out of curiosity though. How do you block it? If somehow you realize what's happening, you could cancel your block and immediately start a new one, and the timing miiiiight be right. If the attack is delayed enough, kick him. And, if it works and stops his attack, xx3 or xx2. The reverse? No good method other than just keeping your distance or having quick reflexes. The drags? Attack fast enough and you'll stagger him (fast weapon), or trade hits (best with big weapon). Also kicks work wonders and seem to be underestimated. Lots and lots of practice, I have 800 hours and still get caught with my pants down sometimes. I'll take those over the idiots that hit-and-runinacircleawayfromyouandbacktowardsyou all day, anytime. [deleted] I almost exclusivity play man at arms and usually win or place top 3. I would run around as Man at arms and started a fire based cult because of the fire pots. Loved it. I'm terrible at it, but there's no way you got real good after only 500 hours Early Chivalry when nobody knew how to play was so fucking incomparably fun. It's one of the best times I've ever had with a game easy. The fact that it was so clowny and hilarious and the devs embraced that made for such a perfect product. Spamming the scream button and yelling weird insults at nobody while you teabag your way into the meat grinder never got old. God damn I miss that. Too bad it ended up being one of those lightning in a bottle pan flashes that got too big for it's own good. It's still a perfect lan game. Everyone spamming the scream button ingame AND screaming the voice lines IRL. And nobody uses the OP tactics. So much fun I'm trying to envision this scene, and it seems gloriously ridiculous It really is. Then there's always one guy being salty about archers AAARRRGGaaahhhhhhaaa I fucking loved the japan pack or whatever it was. The ninja dueling was so much fun omg. You mean deadliest warrior? That shit's great, if stupidly unbalanced. Broom 4 lyfe Yup, thats the one. I'm sorry for being that nobhead. I do not forgive you. No honor, shame to you and your family. Honor is for the dead. (or this if you prefer) Out of curiosity though. How do you block it? If somehow you realize what's happening, you could cancel your block and immediately start a new one, and the timing miiiiight be right. If the attack is delayed enough, kick him. And, if it works and stops his attack, xx3 or xx2. The reverse? No good method other than just keeping your distance or having quick reflexes. The drags? Attack fast enough and you'll stagger him (fast weapon), or trade hits (best with big weapon). Also kicks work wonders and seem to be underestimated. Lots and lots of practice, I have 800 hours and still get caught with my pants down sometimes. I'll take those over the idiots that hit-and-runinacircleawayfromyouandbacktowardsyou all day, anytime. It's still a perfect lan game. Everyone spamming the scream button ingame AND screaming the voice lines IRL. And nobody uses the OP tactics. So much fun I'm trying to envision this scene, and it seems gloriously ridiculous It really is. Then there's always one guy being salty about archers AAARRRGGaaahhhhhhaaa I'm trying to envision this scene, and it seems gloriously ridiculous It really is. Then there's always one guy being salty about archers It really is. Then there's always one guy being salty about archers You mean deadliest warrior? That shit's great, if stupidly unbalanced. Broom 4 lyfe Yup, thats the one. Yup, thats the one. I do not forgive you. No honor, shame to you and your family. Honor is for the dead. (or this if you prefer) Out of curiosity though. How do you block it? If somehow you realize what's happening, you could cancel your block and immediately start a new one, and the timing miiiiight be right. If the attack is delayed enough, kick him. And, if it works and stops his attack, xx3 or xx2. The reverse? No good method other than just keeping your distance or having quick reflexes. The drags? Attack fast enough and you'll stagger him (fast weapon), or trade hits (best with big weapon). Also kicks work wonders and seem to be underestimated. Lots and lots of practice, I have 800 hours and still get caught with my pants down sometimes. Honor is for the dead. (or this if you prefer) If somehow you realize what's happening, you could cancel your block and immediately start a new one, and the timing miiiiight be right. If the attack is delayed enough, kick him. And, if it works and stops his attack, xx3 or xx2. The reverse? No good method other than just keeping your distance or having quick reflexes. The drags? Attack fast enough and you'll stagger him (fast weapon), or trade hits (best with big weapon). Also kicks work wonders and seem to be underestimated. Lots and lots of practice, I have 800 hours and still get caught with my pants down sometimes. I almost exclusivity play man at arms and usually win or place top 3. I would run around as Man at arms and started a fire based cult because of the fire pots. Loved it. No ma lord! Yeah, more like Silent Hill style. There was a hole here... It's gone now. FUCK I've screamed and jumped off the couch getting bayoneted a few times in battlefield. It's so sudden and the truly scary part is the hellish scream that they have. It's like they got real audio of someone getting gutted to death. EA chose from customer reactions to their business decisions over the years "We record your calls for better audio samples in our future games. Thank you for your patience" Somewhere there's a game sound effects engineer taking pride in this comment. He should. They deserve it. Scares the hell out of me, but perhaps I just spook easily. After reaching level 10 Support recently I just switched over to Assault for the first time. It's hilarious running after somebody with the bayonet and satisfying when you get them. KYOJIN There was a hole here... It's gone now. FUCK FUCK EA chose from customer reactions to their business decisions over the years "We record your calls for better audio samples in our future games. Thank you for your patience" Somewhere there's a game sound effects engineer taking pride in this comment. He should. They deserve it. Scares the hell out of me, but perhaps I just spook easily. After reaching level 10 Support recently I just switched over to Assault for the first time. It's hilarious running after somebody with the bayonet and satisfying when you get them. "We record your calls for better audio samples in our future games. Thank you for your patience" He should. They deserve it. Scares the hell out of me, but perhaps I just spook easily. Go walk on your hands or something. Do 500 laps around the village. Whats that green thing moving at 300kmh? This is amazing Imagine the situation U can't do nothing, u gonna die Jesus Crist! ...fuk i ded I'm in tears. Please tell me there are others like this. The link is broken for me! How can I find whatever this was? It was hilarious. http://imgur.com/a/VZ1eV Please tell me there are more of these. WHILE PROCLAIMING YOUR YOUTH TO THE VILLAGE I loved that Guy, what was his name again? Guy. His name was Guy (or Gai, depending on how you want to spell it) He... he capitalized Guy... he clearly knew this. oh Broccoli. Who was the I EMBRACE DEATH WITH OPEN ARMS guy? His father was even greater. http://www.mangapanda.com/naruto/668/6 What a Guy... I'm not your Gai, frend Whats that green thing moving at 300kmh? This is amazing Imagine the situation U can't do nothing, u gonna die Jesus Crist! ...fuk i ded I'm in tears. Please tell me there are others like this. The link is broken for me! How can I find whatever this was? It was hilarious. http://imgur.com/a/VZ1eV Please tell me there are more of these. WHILE PROCLAIMING YOUR YOUTH TO THE VILLAGE This is amazing Imagine the situation U can't do nothing, u gonna die Jesus Crist! ...fuk i ded I'm in tears. Please tell me there are others like this. The link is broken for me! How can I find whatever this was? It was hilarious. http://imgur.com/a/VZ1eV Please tell me there are more of these. Imagine the situation U can't do nothing, u gonna die U can't do nothing, u gonna die ...fuk i ded The link is broken for me! How can I find whatever this was? It was hilarious. http://imgur.com/a/VZ1eV It was hilarious. http://imgur.com/a/VZ1eV Guy. His name was Guy (or Gai, depending on how you want to spell it) He... he capitalized Guy... he clearly knew this. oh Broccoli. Who was the I EMBRACE DEATH WITH OPEN ARMS guy? His father was even greater. http://www.mangapanda.com/naruto/668/6 He... he capitalized Guy... he clearly knew this. oh Who was the I EMBRACE DEATH WITH OPEN ARMS guy? I'm not your Gai, frend Nothing. She his girl now. Wife swat Wife swap. no its a custom to swat your girl before giving her to another man to ensure good luck in her new life. [deleted] Dolt. She was a bitch anyways. thank him Lick the area he slappe Have her walk up and apologize to him "Babe, you got this right?" Wife swat Wife swap. no its a custom to swat your girl before giving her to another man to ensure good luck in her new life. [deleted] Dolt. She was a bitch anyways. Wife swap. no its a custom to swat your girl before giving her to another man to ensure good luck in her new life. [deleted] Dolt. She was a bitch anyways. no its a custom to swat your girl before giving her to another man to ensure good luck in her new life. [deleted] Dolt. [deleted] Dolt. Dolt. Lick the area he slappe It's a glitch. The enemies recoil when they are shot (this is a feature). Sometimes when revived after death, the recoil animation continues, even if they aren't being shot at. TIL being drunk is a lot like getting shot. Thanks for the explanation, I was wondering what was going on.. It's a lot like getting hit in the belly or kicked in the nuts. You recoil/react. Imagine that with a bullet to the shoulder or something similar. Now imagine you glitching and that happening constantly. That's basically what you're seeing here. I hate when I'm constantly doing my day to day and I'm stuck in a glitch like that. Really makes it hard to browse Reddit. Well, you can get drunk by getting shots. Take your upvote It is like getting shot. Some people even drink out of little shot glasses. It's a glitch and a feature. "Undocumented feature" is the term we use around the office for bugs and such. Happy Cake Day! Holy shit, thanks! This is the first one that I haven't totally missed since I started this whole reddit thing. Now, to find some sort of karma-rich content to whore out for my cakeday... Anybody else get the glitch when a medic revives you, your rifle is silent, can't ADS and doesn't have the shooting animation but your bullets still deplete when you pull the trigger? I think I fixed it by switching to the pistol then back to the main. Spawned in as German "Special" Forces The German "Very Special" forces. TIL being drunk is a lot like getting shot. Thanks for the explanation, I was wondering what was going on.. It's a lot like getting hit in the belly or kicked in the nuts. You recoil/react. Imagine that with a bullet to the shoulder or something similar. Now imagine you glitching and that happening constantly. That's basically what you're seeing here. I hate when I'm constantly doing my day to day and I'm stuck in a glitch like that. Really makes it hard to browse Reddit. Well, you can get drunk by getting shots. Take your upvote It is like getting shot. Some people even drink out of little shot glasses. It's a glitch and a feature. "Undocumented feature" is the term we use around the office for bugs and such. Happy Cake Day! Holy shit, thanks! This is the first one that I haven't totally missed since I started this whole reddit thing. Now, to find some sort of karma-rich content to whore out for my cakeday... Anybody else get the glitch when a medic revives you, your rifle is silent, can't ADS and doesn't have the shooting animation but your bullets still deplete when you pull the trigger? I think I fixed it by switching to the pistol then back to the main. It's a lot like getting hit in the belly or kicked in the nuts. You recoil/react. Imagine that with a bullet to the shoulder or something similar. Now imagine you glitching and that happening constantly. That's basically what you're seeing here. I hate when I'm constantly doing my day to day and I'm stuck in a glitch like that. Really makes it hard to browse Reddit. Well, you can get drunk by getting shots. Take your upvote It is like getting shot. Some people even drink out of little shot glasses. I hate when I'm constantly doing my day to day and I'm stuck in a glitch like that. Really makes it hard to browse Reddit. Take your upvote "Undocumented feature" is the term we use around the office for bugs and such. Happy Cake Day! Holy shit, thanks! This is the first one that I haven't totally missed since I started this whole reddit thing. Now, to find some sort of karma-rich content to whore out for my cakeday... Happy Cake Day! Holy shit, thanks! This is the first one that I haven't totally missed since I started this whole reddit thing. Now, to find some sort of karma-rich content to whore out for my cakeday... Holy shit, thanks! This is the first one that I haven't totally missed since I started this whole reddit thing. Now, to find some sort of karma-rich content to whore out for my cakeday... The German "Very Special" forces. Your references are out of control. OP, this is dangerous Everyone says. He's got great references, the BEST references. Everybody says it. Everybody knows it. His references are out of control. My friend - great guy - he says Msief's references are the best, and boy do I really trust this guy about references. Everyone knows that Everyone knows it. "Hey, stop that. Come on." Mr.Doctor OP, this is dangerous Everyone says. He's got great references, the BEST references. Everybody says it. Everybody knows it. His references are out of control. My friend - great guy - he says Msief's references are the best, and boy do I really trust this guy about references. Everyone knows that Everyone knows it. He's got great references, the BEST references. Everybody says it. Everybody knows it. His references are out of control. My friend - great guy - he says Msief's references are the best, and boy do I really trust this guy about references. Get down! Golden eye GEDDAN Thank-you for this GEDDAN Thank-you for this Thank-you for this like this? Horror music/this Man he sure lost some weight. Apparently, during the war, he was forced to eat his enemies to inflict fear into the rest. Then he just started eating everything and everyone. First it was to keep the madness and depression away but then he started to like it. Now he's overweight and just drinks the memories away using the farts he has stored in him from his eaten enemies as if he was using their souls as a gas weapon. Apparently, during the war, he was forced to eat his enemies to inflict fear into the rest. Then he just started eating everything and everyone. First it was to keep the madness and depression away but then he started to like it. Now he's overweight and just drinks the memories away using the farts he has stored in him from his eaten enemies as if he was using their souls as a gas weapon. I would laugh at that rathet than rage about something quite hilarious That's worth at least a ten second rant on my couch. Not Requis skull fucking me, something far less original and equally angry. Dude that's the difference between me and my buddy. Last shooter we played regularly was COD4 on PC so this is our first BF game ever and playing on xbone. We both suck but I think it's hilarious. He hates the game. You don't like games where you have to run around like an idiot and die 50 times a session!? In Battlefield you often have to fight against the urge to swarm and run into the fray, but if you manage, your score is gonna be much better, and much less dying. That said, you still got to GET ON THE GODDAMN POINT, FUCK! But there needs to be retards who swarm for you to do just that. Truth, they're also good for gauging where the enemy is. Think like Magneto Cannon fodder I have the bad luck of fighting all the way across the map, surviving all kinds of bullshit, to get on the point, get it 3/4 of the way captured, and then die from the train 50 miles away out of line of sight, missing the 500 point capture bonus Thats the reason I dont like games like Battlefield although I love shooter games. Thats why I playing Squad. Tactical shooters FTW Yea i was pretty impressed with Rainbow Six Seige. That's the type of tactical game that is much more appealing for me. The DICE games are fun to pick up and play here and there but it's just too silly when you force people to continuously run around over and over. You do realize the game doesn't force you to run around, right? Never gonna run around and huuurt you My life trying to play CS GO as a scrub. Every match has at least one ridiculously OP, aim assisted, wall hacking asshole. And they never show up on my team. You have to find a community. Fuck mm and fuck cas. Small games where we can ban every single child and hacker on the spot is great. I'm a part of one in source so GO is dead to me. I miss playing Source...even 1.6. I know they're both still up and running, but the communities I played in are gone. Don't think it would be the same Mind sharing? I got banned off the one server I had been on for years over something stupid and haven't played since because that's what made the game for me. Just chill people that were good but helped you get better and just had fun. this doesnt seem to be as much of a problem in india... in fact, i've never even encountered a hacker here. Odd, I'd figure India would have hackers. In the Philippines, whee I live, though... If you're on US servers hit me up with your steam ID! I used to be LEM but only play the game casually now. Boost all my silver friends. I hope you're being /s about the aim assisted wall hacking asshole because 99.9% of them aren't they're just miles better than you. Partly why I love NWI's Insurgency and Day of Infamy games. If you're having an off day or don't feel like try harding, it's a ton of fun to go through co-op missions with other players vs. an army of bots. There really needs to be more names were you just defend against bots in coop. It's so satisfying to mow down the hordes, like TF2s Mann vs Machine. Warframe is like that. A bunch of co-op style missions vs bots and it's free on all platforms. It can get a bit repetitive but the movement is so much fun and i personally find gliding through the air sniping bots in the face super relaxing. There's also Horde mode in GoW Do they make gow for real computers yet? left 4 dead killing floor (includes buying guns and toys between rounds) alien swarm (fantastic top down coop shooter, feels like Alien and totally free without freemium bullshit) borderlands (the second one is best by far) Vermintide (first person coop horde game with a melee focus) I played Modern Warfare 2 when it came out. It was my first and last online FPS experience. To begin with it wasn't so bad, but it got progressively harder as other people improved and I stayed at around the same skill level as always. Like a flat line, maybe a sex-seven degree incline. It stopped being fun and I never bought another one. Now I'm casual scum and couldn't be happier. I mean, this guy was shooting near him, not actually shooting him, so I guess he was too relaxed? When my kills are higher than my deaths it makes me unbelievably happy. But the 90% of playtime that I get slaughted without firing a shot makes me feel like a stroppy teenager. No shit you get frustrated when you play this game with a controller. Or any FPS for that matter. That's worth at least a ten second rant on my couch. Not Requis skull fucking me, something far less original and equally angry. Dude that's the difference between me and my buddy. Last shooter we played regularly was COD4 on PC so this is our first BF game ever and playing on xbone. We both suck but I think it's hilarious. He hates the game. In Battlefield you often have to fight against the urge to swarm and run into the fray, but if you manage, your score is gonna be much better, and much less dying. That said, you still got to GET ON THE GODDAMN POINT, FUCK! But there needs to be retards who swarm for you to do just that. Truth, they're also good for gauging where the enemy is. Think like Magneto Cannon fodder I have the bad luck of fighting all the way across the map, surviving all kinds of bullshit, to get on the point, get it 3/4 of the way captured, and then die from the train 50 miles away out of line of sight, missing the 500 point capture bonus Thats the reason I dont like games like Battlefield although I love shooter games. Thats why I playing Squad. Tactical shooters FTW Yea i was pretty impressed with Rainbow Six Seige. That's the type of tactical game that is much more appealing for me. The DICE games are fun to pick up and play here and there but it's just too silly when you force people to continuously run around over and over. You do realize the game doesn't force you to run around, right? Never gonna run around and huuurt you But there needs to be retards who swarm for you to do just that. Truth, they're also good for gauging where the enemy is. Think like Magneto Cannon fodder I have the bad luck of fighting all the way across the map, surviving all kinds of bullshit, to get on the point, get it 3/4 of the way captured, and then die from the train 50 miles away out of line of sight, missing the 500 point capture bonus Truth, they're also good for gauging where the enemy is. Think like Magneto Cannon fodder Yea i was pretty impressed with Rainbow Six Seige. That's the type of tactical game that is much more appealing for me. The DICE games are fun to pick up and play here and there but it's just too silly when you force people to continuously run around over and over. You do realize the game doesn't force you to run around, right? Never gonna run around and huuurt you You do realize the game doesn't force you to run around, right? Never gonna run around and huuurt you Never gonna run around and huuurt you and huuurt you You have to find a community. Fuck mm and fuck cas. Small games where we can ban every single child and hacker on the spot is great. I'm a part of one in source so GO is dead to me. I miss playing Source...even 1.6. I know they're both still up and running, but the communities I played in are gone. Don't think it would be the same Mind sharing? I got banned off the one server I had been on for years over something stupid and haven't played since because that's what made the game for me. Just chill people that were good but helped you get better and just had fun. this doesnt seem to be as much of a problem in india... in fact, i've never even encountered a hacker here. Odd, I'd figure India would have hackers. In the Philippines, whee I live, though... If you're on US servers hit me up with your steam ID! I used to be LEM but only play the game casually now. Boost all my silver friends. I hope you're being /s about the aim assisted wall hacking asshole because 99.9% of them aren't they're just miles better than you. I miss playing Source...even 1.6. I know they're both still up and running, but the communities I played in are gone. Don't think it would be the same Mind sharing? I got banned off the one server I had been on for years over something stupid and haven't played since because that's what made the game for me. Just chill people that were good but helped you get better and just had fun. this doesnt seem to be as much of a problem in india... in fact, i've never even encountered a hacker here. Odd, I'd figure India would have hackers. In the Philippines, whee I live, though... Odd, I'd figure India would have hackers. In the Philippines, whee I live, though... There really needs to be more names were you just defend against bots in coop. It's so satisfying to mow down the hordes, like TF2s Mann vs Machine. Warframe is like that. A bunch of co-op style missions vs bots and it's free on all platforms. It can get a bit repetitive but the movement is so much fun and i personally find gliding through the air sniping bots in the face super relaxing. There's also Horde mode in GoW Do they make gow for real computers yet? left 4 dead killing floor (includes buying guns and toys between rounds) alien swarm (fantastic top down coop shooter, feels like Alien and totally free without freemium bullshit) borderlands (the second one is best by far) Vermintide (first person coop horde game with a melee focus) Warframe is like that. A bunch of co-op style missions vs bots and it's free on all platforms. It can get a bit repetitive but the movement is so much fun and i personally find gliding through the air sniping bots in the face super relaxing. There's also Horde mode in GoW Do they make gow for real computers yet? left 4 dead killing floor (includes buying guns and toys between rounds) alien swarm (fantastic top down coop shooter, feels like Alien and totally free without freemium bullshit) borderlands (the second one is best by far) Vermintide (first person coop horde game with a melee focus) Do they make gow for real computers yet? I hate that song, I can't wait til it's forgotten. MooooOOOOooooOOOOoooooooo OOOoooo ooooves like Jagger I like that you accurately got the onomatopoeia right That song is a guilty pleasure for me Probably the worst Maroon 5 song ever MooooOOOOooooOOOOoooooooo OOOoooo ooooves like Jagger I like that you accurately got the onomatopoeia right That song is a guilty pleasure for me Probably the worst Maroon 5 song ever I like that you accurately got the onomatopoeia right hey joe wanna play a zombie game Legit the only thing i could think of Right? Seems crazy noone else mentioned it. The aim is too low and overshooting every time the player tries to aim. He wasn't aiming for the face ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) That is the point of the drunken master style tho... But seriously the whole point of it is to make your movements unpredictable so your opponent can't anticipate enough to land a blow, sword strike, or get a read on a clear line of fire. Fair point but nothing a bit of spray and pray with a machine gun cant solve :) He wasn't aiming for the face ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Fair point but nothing a bit of spray and pray with a machine gun cant solve :) Came looking for this comment, wasn't disappointed I had to scroll to find this but I was hoping someone else thought of the sewer scene. Battlefield 1 "Your technique is lacking" Battlefield .... one ( 1 ) ... get your dick beat by someone "good" at karate Sounds good to me Well, drunken boxing is a distinct martial art called zui quan. Not sure why you called it karate? But knowing the actual name of it might help you find more stuff on the internet. :) I don't know what you mean On top of that it's got nothing on the my dick to your fist style. Nope, it usually says "enemy hit" when you shoot them. He may have been reacting to the fire in that building Looks like every shot missed though, the aim was bad. The hub offers full customisation, the guy has chosen to have it like that, the map is far too big. Oooh ok. Thats pretty neat then. No wonder he can't hit anything. Oooh ok. Thats pretty neat then. No wonder he can't hit anything. Let's hope he also taught her how to swim. I don't want to go underwater to get a raft. Well you play as Ellie so you won't have to. any source on that? http://www.gamepur.com/news/25215-last-us-part-ii-story-counter-first-game-its-about-hate-says-neil-druckmann.html its said in the 4th paragraph darn. it would have preferred to keep playing as joel I've heard speculation that Joel is dead in this game and that's Ellie's reason for revenge. It'd make sense, but damn would I be all kinds of butthurt. But he was in the trailer EDIT:Feel I should add she already wanted revenge when he shows up The hypothesis is that he's dead and she's seeing him as some kind of companion/angel on the shoulder kind of deal. So before the trailer, Joel has been killed. She tracks some of the Fireflies down and slaughters them. She knows what Joel would say - "You really gonna go through with this?" because she knows he cared enough about her that he'd say her life is not worth risking for revenge. But Ellie don't give a fuuuuck, dude. *Chill, y'all. It's not my hypothesis, but I don't really care. If you have reason to believe otherwise, make a case. Just saying "thats garbage, naughty dog iz too pure for this wurld, i hate it" is not a compelling argument. Ooh man I can already feel the tears flowing.. No game before or since has hit me in the "Oh shit... didn't expect that" sadness feels like Joel's Daughter getting killed. I don't know how their gonna top that one. I can already remember the feeling I had during the last stage. People often complain how we are so loaded down like a tank it's not fair. But after going through that and having a full arsenal made it that much better. I burned used every fucking bomb I had just on single enemies. Damn phantom onion cutters! The trailer doesn't really give that away because you can see him step over things, he's holding a gun, he's making noise etc. But at the same time we never see his face and to me the biggest argument that he's dead is: what the hell else would get Ellie so riled up she's going to start hunting down people. The theory isn't that he's a ghost, but a product of Ellie's mind. What else would get Ellie so Riley'd up Heh Also, in TLoU he has a few grey hairs but in the Part II trailer his hair is completely brown. Isn't she perhaps pregnant in another screenshot? Could her baby had been killed? Or perhaps she is mad about how she became pregnant. Honestly this would be my favorite way to handle the ending of Last of Us. Ellie doesn't know what Joel did and thinks the fireflies are assholes for killing him prior to Part 2 And the truth gets revealed and she has to come to terms with everything and then has to make a real choice. I really hope they don't gloss over the fact that Joel killed a fuckton of innocent people and went against what Ellie wished for just to portray Joel as some super good guy or a martyr by killing him off and making it a revenge thing. I really hope their relationship will be deeper and much more filled with tension. Would be reasonable seeming as he also lied too her Revenge is a personal thing. She saw all the things he did, all the people he killed. It wouldn't have any effect on how painful his death would be to her. As for the ending of the first game, I could see that being a pretty great reveal, coming to her after she's already killed a number of fireflies in revenge, realizing that her mentor and father figure had lied to her about something so fucking huge. Ellie knew Joel was lying to her at the end though. She didn't care because she knew in that moment that he truly cared about her. I think it makes it pretty clear all the way through the entire game that Joel isn't a good person and his reasons for saving Ellie aren't anything to do with his moral compass - he's found an anchor to this new world in Ellie and he'll do anything he can to protect that. "He may have been a murdering asshole bastard... but he was MY murdering asshole bastard." Yes, thank you. Naughty Dog is known for good writing, and this fan theory people are talking about is trash writing. Joel being a ghost? You know what an insane cop-out that is to include one of the two main characters as a ghost? Naughty Dog is not that dumb. I want Joel alive and Ellie alive so we can witness their deeper relationship. For the love of God, that's the entire point of That Last Of Us. The first game was all about the father-daughter relationship slowly blooming in the trashed world. It was incredible. That's really cheesy. I'd hate that "Cheese" depends entirely on how something is portrayed, or written. No idea is "cheese-y" in and of itself, it entirely depends on how capable the people handling it are. Every story or twist you've ever read or experienced has been a retread of something that came before it, for the most part. This is coming from someone who really does not want to see Joel dead. Yeah, just like every other stupid theory redditors make up and think they're genius for Not at all. Its a pretty common and powerful plot device. It was used pretty well in the walking dead with Ricks phone call I've also seen a theory that Ellie has a kid and the fireflies kidnap it for the cure. I'd much rather it be that then the "Ghost Joel" theory. Really don't like that idea. She's like 19 and she already has a kid? Who's the father? Don't like either option presented but dead-Joel would be a little bit better to me than teen-revenge-mom Ellie. Ellie's into chicks tho dude To my mind Ellie will always be gay. Ellie has a kid from Joel. Nice idea https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Pedobear.png edit: It was a sarcastic comment ffs This is a shit theory Which could be why we didn't see his face. He was just an angel or a figment of her imagination. I don't think that's the case tbh. I think the story and setting is too grounded in reality to have a Dexter/Harry Morgan visions thing going on. I think it'd undermine Ellie's character to depend on Joel so much that she literally cannot live without him by her side. Especially since the whole theme of the first game is moving on. This is very bittersweet, as I think a PTSD ridden Ellie would make for an EXCELLENT protagonist.. But at the same time Joel dying would not only be soul crushing, but it also means we would not get the see the interaction between Ellie and Joel when Ellie finds out the truth of the ending of the first game.. We might even receive some weird Ellie talking to her imaginary Joel from her visons about it, and that would not give Ellie nor us as players closure on that arc. Either that, or Joel IS alive and her objective is to kill him as revenge for something.... The way he walked into the house though looked like he was alive, usually in those scenarios they just pop up if they're a ghost but than again maybe that'd be too obvious I'm thinking kind of like Fight Club or Scrubs with Dr. Cox's buddy, stuff like that - the mind makes the scenario fit. You never see them arrive, but your brain patches that part of the narrative. You know what I mean? Yeah, people are reading way too much into a short trailer. That makes alot of sense. This is Joel we're talking about. If he thinks Ellie is about to do something stupid he wouldn't just ask her "You really wanna go through this?" He'd just kidnap her and stick her in a basement somewhere. So the trailer implies to me that Joel can't actually stop her. Maybe because he's just Ellie's imagination. Damnit Reddit, I just went through this with you people with Westworld... Im pretty sure Troy Baker said the trailer wasn't canon on the panel Damn, that reminds me of bioshock infinite burial at sea, good old radio Booker. Hallucination maybe. I'm betting Joel's going to be like an imaginary friend in this game. She'll talk to him, ask for advice, and he'll offer words of comfort and direction (ex: being chased by an enemy, he'll tell you to "hide here" or "go this way") until the big reveal that he's been dead for a year. In order to prevent this from happening, we have to blast it all over reddit so that the writers will see this and change the ending. Kinda like in Dexter? Huh. I think i like the sound of that. Wasn't that a CoD game plot? Maybe its a result of not doing anything about the stuff growing all over her head. Similar to BATMAN SPOILER: how Joker in Arkham Knight follows batman around? I'd like that. I was upset about his possible death at first but this seems rad tbh If he's dead I suspect, and hope, that they'll just state it outright. The ghost still appears but he's not meant to be a M. Shyamalan twist, instead his meant to be a projection of Ellie's conscience and internal conflict. Since Ellie would be alone there wouldn't be much of a story to tell otherwise. Pls let me dream ;-; You'll must likely have dream sequences where he is in it, yes. His line to her in the trailer is interesting - "what are you doing, kiddo?" Either they've been separated for a period of time or he is not really there and it's a projection of her own conscience, which is how I interpreted it. Not necessarily... she could've just ran off and went through with it and he followed her. Maybe she found out what they wanted to do to her or somethinf like that. Ghosts and hallucinations and dreams are very real to the people experiencing them, in reality and in video games. ;) we never really see his face IIRC and he comes out of a white light. Strong drugs can kill the feels... but also make a young woman hallucinate. I really hope Joel isn't dead in the game, I want him to have to face Ellie when she finds out he's been lying to her all along. The game needs that resolution before he goes anywhere. Spoiler alert, her look at the end of part 1: she knows. To then play it like she had no clue would turn the character into an idiot. She already knows. There was an offical stage play type thing about them mending their relationship after the first game due to her knowing what he did. It's a little grey on whether that's canon or not. Troy Baker (Joel) denied that it was and Druckmann gave a "well..." in response to Baker' denial. Link? Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. I think it's also possible that Ellie ran off after disagreeing with Joel to find whoever these dudes were (just cause that sign has a firefly logo doesn't make them fireflies) and Joel shows up looking for her. There are other reasons that could explain why Ellie is on a rampage, it's just Joel being dead is the one most people immediately thought. Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. Well he could have gone somewhere and come back afterthe fighting was done. It looked to me like Ellie had gone out and killed a bunch of people and Joel tracked her down. I personally really hope the theory is wrong and Joel isn't dead but as long as Naughty Dog does it properly I'll get over it. It sounds like Neil, Ashley, and Troy have a real love for these characters so I'm going to try to trust in whatever decision they make in regards to this. If I recall she looks dirty and bloodied while Joel looks relatively clean...at least from our angle. I understand, I think it would be great for the story but damn... I'd be sad if Joel is dead. So long as it delivers fun gameplay and as great a story as the first one, Naughty Dog will have my money...dare I say even my pre-order. I'd be willing to bet that Joel dies very early in the game. You'll start the game as Joel and be in control of him when he dies. Followed by WINTER Run little rabbit, RUN I dunno why, but this comment gave me goosebumps in some weird nostalgic flashback-y way. That chapter was so bleak. During the panel, the directorsaid something along the lines of "Ellie and Joel both play very differently in this game...." so it sounds like he is saying you play as him at least a little, maybe similar to the amount you played as Ellie in the first game. Fan made rumors. Would be really stupid if that was the case. That was a theory a redditor spun which means dick. No-one knows just yet. I wanna guess that maybe she found out about what the fireflies were gonna do and she got mad too? I'm gonna be super bummed if this turns out to be true. All the surprise taken away on the comment section of the first trailer. Honestly my favorite level in the game was playing as Ellie. for me it was fun because it was only a small part. Like playing as Ashley Graham in RE4. The part where you kill the cannibal guy as Ellie is probably the most challenging part of the game. Only thing that felt like a boss fight. I seriously hated it tbh. Pain in the ass cause I wasn't too great at stealth. Would have been hilarious if they'd let you keep her "plot stealth" that allowed her to be out in the open but still unnoticed. The DLC where you play as her is rad as fuck too! Me too. People are going to assume right away its just because I don't want to play as a girl, but thats just not true. I grew to like playing as Joel. I just kept yelling "Hey asshole, why can't you carry more than 6 bullets?" I just liked playing as a character with my given name for once. When Ellie asked for help, she was asking me. He is getting a bit old. its only 6 years later... He's old in the first one. He was over 30 when his daughter died. That would put him close to 50 if not a little beyond by the first game. Almost 55-60 here. That's old to be running around and fighting 30 year olds. look at the wiki he is 48 during TLOU So everything I said is approximately accurate. Almost 50 and almost 55-60 sure sounds close to 48 and 54 in my opinion. how old would he be though? hed probably be like 60 or 70 in TLOU2 wouldnt he? late 50 early 60. EDIT: i checked he would be 54-55 not that old Had to stop reading after the 4th typo in the article. So many spelling errors... Can't remember where I heard it, but I heard it somewhere. Will find and get back to you on that it was at TLOU PII panel was it not? Yep, believe so Naughty Dog's panel at PSX http://www.technobuffalo.com/2016/12/06/you-play-as-ellie-in-the-last-of-us-2/ Joel will be the one on the raft this time. 'yeah you get to babysit me now bitch' That "mission" was hell. I hated the way the trains were You know what's bothered me about Ellie? She knows how to kill people, hunt for food, shoot a gun, and stitch up a wound, but one of the most necessary and basic survival skills, swimming, is completely unknown to her. It's not a basic survival skill in the US. I know other countries have mandatory swimming classes during grade school but the US does not. So there will indeed be people who can hunt, shoot, and stitch but not swim. Crazy to me that any parents wouldn't teach their kids to swim. Also crazier that all kids aren't taught by default They made this for SNES too? Needs more JoelPEG Im actually genuinely confused as to how this looks so shitty. did op screen record this from some shitty 240p TV or something? I mean I forget that the ps3 is old enough to have had standard component hookups with the standard ps video output cable. It looks like it has a shitty instagram filter on a picture taken with a potato. that might make sense. the textures on those cars look way worse than that game should look even at "standard definition" quality. Yeah wtf, these graphics are trash boat There seems to be a trend of really low-quality screenshots lately. And I don't just mean compression artefacts. The lighting, the low-res textures, low-poly models, low-effort foliage. I swear this game didn't look this shitty. This is beyond potato. This is lemon-battery powering a defibrillator shocking the heart of a ventricular fibrillating asthmatic mouse whose EKG and breaths are interpreted, poorly, as levels that represent brightness and contrast, respectively, then processed by a broken Zotac GPU missing its cooling fan and forgotten in a running microwave then transmitted to a VHF transmitter over a 200-foot VGA cable and received by a pair of misaligned bunny ears connected at one pole only to a forgotten RCA CRT TV with fake wood panelling then viewed through the frosted glass of the closed armoire doors in a brightly-lit room by an octogenarian who really isn't interested and still believes that television is just a fad that is destined to die off and be replaced by Dan Brown novels. Edit: ouch. Elaborate Edit: obligatory thanks for first gold. Edit #2: 😂 the /r/lounge sub is a joke, I didn't think I could be disappointed when I had no expectations. This is my favorite comment I've seen get gold in a long time for some reason. not as funny as this comment /blush awww thanks man No: Thank you, u/patmandu http://i.imgur.com/Muh7YYP.jpg Maybe because gold is stupid and reddit sucks. Love how the reply gets gilded instead of the trying-too-hard comment above. Pretty sure that he typed more characters than the image has pixels. Edit #2: 😂 the /r/lounge sub is a joke, I didn't think I could be disappointed when I had no expectations. When you get 100k karma you can join /r/centuryclub. It is better. New life aspirations acquired 1300 karma in 3 years see you in 2246 Yeah. I've been there. Never really sure what it was supposed to be. Man, I want gold just so I could go in and be disappointed with you. Trying a little too hard there Maybe there's something wrong with me, but I laughed to tears reading that. I love it. Needs a diagram though. Really? You laughed so hard at that you cried? Water came out of your eyes? I have a very visual mind. When people explain things to me or when I read something, I literally "see" it in my head. So yeah, I laughed pretty hard. My first Reddit "laugh till I cry" moment was with a try hard comment like the parent one. Comment after comment of people describing redneck douche-bags with "truck nut hanging, tap-out shirt wearing..", stuff like that. I can't find it anymore. Ok. Solid new /r/copypasta stuff right here. There seems to be a trend of really low-quality screenshots lately. And I don't just mean compression artefacts. The lighting, the low-res textures, low-poly models, low-effort foliage. I swear this game didn't look this shitty. This is beyond potato. This is lemon-battery powering a defibrillator shocking the heart of a ventricular fibrillating asthmatic mouse whose EKG and breaths are interpreted, poorly, as levels that represent brightness and contrast, respectively, then processed by a broken Zotac GPU missing its cooling fan and forgotten in a running microwave then transmitted to a VHF transmitter over a 200-foot VGA cable and received by a pair of misaligned bunny ears connected at one pole only to a forgotten RCA CRT TV with fake wood panelling then viewed through the frosted glass of the closed armoire doors in a brightly-lit room by an octogenarian who really isn't interested and still believes that television is just a fad that is destined to die off and be replaced by Dan Brown novels. Holy shit that was detailed... unlike this screenshot I really hope the game doesn't look this bad, I swear I remembering it looking phenomenal Xbox is sweating posts jpg tell us how you really feel I feel like people on Reddit take things too seriously. There's a not-insignificant number of comments about "trying too hard". Garner criticisms of "trying too hard" and thesaurus hunting because the comment contained a six-syllable word? You seem to get it. It's just another rendition of a comedy trope. It doesn't claim to be poetry or Shakespeare. But that's enough about me. How are you? Yeah, and for the NES as well. Ellie: "Swear to me that everything that you said about the fireflies is true." Joel: "I swear. Anyway, here's Wonderwall." What's that meme about guitars and wonderwall? I'm not sure it's still relevant. Anyway, it's here: https://www.knowingyourmeme.com/s?q=Wonderwall+Guitar/ Saw the XcQ, clicked it anyways.... What has this site done to me XcQ For those who don't know, XcQ is the last few letters of the Rick Roll youtube url. Here's a quick rundown of all of the other known troll links http://www.latlmes.com/world/how-to-never-get-rick-rolled-again-1 I FUCKING LOVE THE INTERNET https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-title-adder/ddpephnhacfpgcemhioaejgenlgadnnh?utm_source=chrome-app-launcher-info-dialog As handy as that extension looks, I'm actually a little disappointed that your link wasn't another rickroll That was indeed incredibly disappointing :( You're a goddamn genius I clicked it and regretted right away, thinking it might just be the common second Rick Roll. The page loaded for a second and I thought I was wrong, but the music started and for some reason I was happy about it. Thank you for that roller coaster of emotions. On mobile it just lunches the YouTube app lol So you never know what you're getting yourself into Well, I guess I'm immune. You mean there is a country free of being Rick Roll'd? Where is this magical place? Narnia? Wonderwall is the song every guy playing guitar on the grass in the middle of a college campus knows. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibAmiaSfKVE I just found this dude the other day on YT. Neat to see him here. Dude actually has some talent. But did he teach her how to swim? That's the real question. I think the following line is: "Yeah, I think you'd like that" I loved that part. "Yeah, I think you'd like that you fucking retard" FTFY Holy shit man! This past week after the announcement of the new game has brought back so much nostalgia for this game. Man it definitely had the best dialogue of any game I've ever played. Right in the ducking feels. The little optional dialogues hammered in the notion that these were actual people with real personalities. Some of them were funny as hell, some were just really sad or, i dunno.. they made you think. NSFW because.... Because he showed her how to finger A Minor Edit: Thank you for thy gold!! While using a G String. My first time giving gold...ever. That was really genius It was me who gave gold man! Sorry, but it was me. You're all wrong! It was me! Dio! Fucking lol goddamnit I just bursted out in laughter at work. This is a high quality pun. Damn how have I never heard this. Definitely beats the "thumb a mean G string" I'm used to Bravo. Spoiler. Or something. Which isn't really very useful: spoiler for which game? The Last of Us: Part 2. Thanks, but what I meant was that the tag only works if people know which game. Only by viewing the spoiler can you tell if it's a game that you want to avoid spoilers for. exactly. i just started playing this game. fuck this half ass warning. obviously it doesn't matter lol but the spoiler definitely doesn't work...unless you're supposed to assume that no matter what something you're involved in is about to be spoiled. It's spoilers for the fact that Ellie lives through TLOU part 1, which for a good chunk of the story it looks like she will not. Promise? that is the worst attempted spoiler tag... i'm willing to bet that the majority of people will be more likely to click a link with NSFW on it, and very few will realize it's actually a spoiler warning before even opening the link. It's NSFL. Too many feels Fuck. This just makes me truly believe that Joel is dead in Part II. He probably is, his exact words sounded way too passive too, like he can't do anything about what Ellie is doing: what are you doing kiddo? You really gonna go through with this? If he's a ghost why does he have a gun? Maybe they're hiding some horrifc scar or something else? Why does it gotta be ghosts? This theory is fun, but i'm willing to bet it will be shelved along with Mass Effect's Indoctrination Theory and MGSV's Chico/Queit theories and other crazy nonsense Reddit thinks up and tries to will into existence. EDIT: Ghost, Hallucination, same shit in my book. I don't think Joel's dead. To this day, I choose to believe the Indoctrination theory is canon. It's honestly the only thing that makes the story make sense, and Bioware fucked up in not running with Indoctrination Theory when they were already forced to rework the ending anyway because their audience was ready to string them up in the streets. The fandom practically giftwrapped a way for them to explain away all their narrative fuckery in a cool way and they ignored it for Casey Hudson's "artistic integrity". What was the theory? So everybody who has come into contact with a reaper for any extended amount of time has become indoctrinated. Saren, Benezia, Illusive Man, etc. Well Shepard has also spent considerable amount of time around them, but never got indoctrinated? In the ending you have 3 choices; Blue, Green, Red in that order. Now all throughout the series these colors have represented Paragon (blue), neutral (green), and Renegade (red), and they have always been in that order for dialogue and QTEs. Now all along Shepard has said the reapers must be destroyed because of the threat they pose to everyone, and the Illusive Man has shown he wants to control the reapers for mankind. Now agreeing with the Illusive Man in 2 was pretty much always a renegade choice, where as paragon went against him. So when Shepard is on the crucible and he has to pick between; Control (blue) the reapers, Synthesis (green) to make everyone the same, or Destroy (red) them, in that order. So then why is Controlling and letting the reapers live the paragon choice? Even though every Paragon option has been rooted in destroying them. The reapers would of course want to live and even though Shepard's conscience is inside them there is no guarantee that it will last or won't be overwritten by reaper coding. So it stands to believe Shepard is indoctrinated because of the choices that align the the Morality system presented across the whole series. Edit: this is a simplified explanation so if I missed a key point I do apologize. Guys I came to this thread for Last of Us news don't make me feel the Mass Effect ending rage again please please please God no I just finished a draft of a paper that disxusses the ending of me3. Now it seems to be coming up everywhere D: I wouldn't have considered the ending of ME3 to be well put together enough to warrant a paper analyzing it. Is it a paper about how they dropped the fucking ball? The morality system of the series is paragon: inclusiveness Renegade: exclusiveness The blue option includes them into a new galactic order, the red one excludes them. I may be wrong, but from my memory after the conversation between the "boy" and Shepard a few things had been established about the conflict between mechanical beings like Geth and reapers and organic species, leaning towards a cycle of birth and destruction that has persisted for God knows how long. From my perspective, Shepard had or at least should have learned that blatant destruction of the reapers really isn't the right option, just a reversal of the cycle, not an end. Soon, cosmically speaking, mechanical beings would come into play once more and either destroy or be destroyed just like organics. If he or she fails to recognize this then they have failed to follow the Paragon path, of the greater good it would appear. The blue and green options offer a cesation of this cycle, which in my opinion is the less obvious but better long term option. Also, let's not forget that destruction of the reapers would be the destruction of ALL mechanical species, so the Geth that you saved and managed a peace with the quarians(assuming you were paragon) would be wiped out along with every organic with a biotic implant. That's shortsighted and obviously a Renegade move. This is my opinion anyway, I don't think the indoctrination theory really is all that great and I appear to be in the minority. That's okay though, kind of the beautiful thing about games like Mass Effect. THAT was the simplified version? Yes. I've watched a few hours of video explaining it in greater depth and showing examples from the game. It was a great theory and made me love ME3 just as much as ME2 and ME. I really think the devs liked the theory and would have used it during the rework if they wanted. I mean they said at one point Shepard wasn't alive yet we got the breath scene so yes Shepard does live we just don't know what he/she is doing now. Ok simpler version, Reapers mind control everything and you have no reason to suspect you're immune. In the final sequence you're presented with an insane dreamlike scene and a choice where all the morality colors are inverted from what was used over the past 3 games. Shepard's (and the player's) final battle is to recognize and resist Reaper control over his mind. That's it really. The game has been hand holding you for dozens of hours by carefully labeling every decision with good as blue and evil as red. The final challenge is figure out right from wrong on your own. Shedding all of the detailed lore support, the fact that they flip morality at the last and arguably most important decision of the game made the theory pretty solid. Why would they flip the whole color system on its head for only this one final decision? Felt like it just had to be an intentional choice from the developers. The final battle being subtly subversive test of your moral compass that the franchise had been preparing the player for ever since ME2 would have made for an incredibly innovative ending to cap off an impressive trilogy. It'd stand up there among the best mindfuck endings in games of all time. Better yet, it's not just a cheap surprise twist, it's an entirely fair test of the player's ability to think for themselves. People loved Bioshock 1's meta ending where they reveal Ryan's control of the character. Here in ME3 it seemed like they one upped that ending with a meta control of the actual player's mind! This ending could have been legendary as one of the best game endings anyone had ever seen The crux of the theory is that the last section of the game actually takes place in Shepard head. The tldr is that the reapers are attempting to coercively mind control you, and going with what is presented as the good option is actually giving into that mind control. I understand it. It's still silly. I'll make it simpler. The moral choices at the end seem clearly switched from what we've come to expect from tbe characters, and this is explained as the reapers altering Shepherd's perspective in order to make the "best" scenario the one in which they live. The controlling and synthesis option are Paragon because you suddenly (inexplicably) gained more power/choice in the story. If someone entered your house and wanted to kill your whole family, shooting them would probably be paragon because that would be the best possible choice. But if you got magical green/blue powers and could protect everyone without killing the invader and made sure he never hurt anyone that would be paragon, killing him is only for when you have no alternative. Yeah but the killer has killed trillions of people in home invasions in the past, so it'd honestly be pretty shitty of you to not kill him. Not really. I mean, if you're guaranteeing that he won't kill anyone else in the future, there's no reason to kill him than to feel better about it. Killing the home invader won't change anything or bring anyone back. It will only make you feel better for getting revenge. Not that it's an invalid response, I just don't think it's shitty of you not to kill him. It takes a bigger person to resist the revenge killing than it does to give in to our emotions and kill said person. The thing with this is, I didn't trust the information the reapers were giving me. To use your analogy, it would be giving up your opportunity to neutralize the invader, on the promise from the invader himself the blue / green powers would work. I further still believe this was the correct answer, because the star child tells you flat out, the red option would also kill Shepard because of the cybernetics used in bring her back to life. If you get the extended ending, we see Shepard taking a breath after the explosion. We already have proof the Reapers were lying about one thing, why not everything? Woah cheers for writing that up. This theory is definitely better than whatever canon says Reminds me of infamous, you decide to be bad and have bad guy powers only to save the world or be good and then genocide everyone. That Shepard ended up indoctrinated by the Reapers, and the whole end game choice was him trying to either break or succumb to the indoctrination Oh I envy you if you are learning it for the first time. It saved the last game for me, still cant believe they didn't go with it. I also just tend to think back and choose to believe that is what actually happened. You should just search indoctrination theory on YouTube, they are interesting to watch. I think the most helpful are about an hour long though. This is assuming you played and liked mass effect of course. u/NeroIV did a good job summing it up. But if you want to go deeper down the rabbit hole, here is the video that I watched. I actually liked the way the story was presented to me when I played if. The Crucible was already Dues Ex Machina and the theme was sacrifice so... I was expecting something along the lines of not really "defeating" the reapers, since that was impossible. I avoided the internet to avoid spoilers and was floored by the unbelievable vitriol the community spat at the development team. That said, the Indoctrination theory was so much fun when I learned about it, and I absolutely loved it. I don't see anything wrong with making that a head-canon. Take it a bit further with the Marauder Shields comic someone wrote, and it was amazing. All butthurt aside, I actually was satisfied with the extended cut of ME3 and am still looking forward to Andromeda. I think Bioware learned their lesson about listening to the fanbase, or at least promising one thing and delivering another. Whether you liked the ending of ME3 or not, Andromeda looks soooo hype. Not sure how you couldn't be excited for it. I'm excited for anything Bioware puts out, I don't even care. I mean basically it's shut up and take my wallet at this point. Did you play the Dragon Age games? I was actually disappointed by Inquisition. I didn't feel nearly as engaged as I did with Origins. Hell, I even beat Dragon Age 2 but not Inquisition. That's my favorite theory ever, and so many people hate it You probably believe Squall is dead in FF8 too, don't you? On the off chance that you do, he's not. Look up the Dev's response to that theory. Yea still calling bull shit on the dead squall theory Probably because magic actually works like it does in game, in the story. Nope. I do like the Rinoa = Ultimecia theory though. What's your take on FF8's ending? I don't actually believe in Indoctrination Theory, I just think it makes the game better if you do. Similarly, I feel the same about SquallIsDead. Of course it's not true, but the game would be better if it was. Did Kazushige Nojima ever talk about this one? I know he addressed the FF7/10 connection, but I can't find anything about him addressing this FF8 theory. There's also the magic lamp/diablos explanation to debunk it. Me too, even the extended ending still didn't feel right to me. Why does Tyler Durden need sunglasses? It's part of his character, whether real or imaginary Joel would be expected to carry a gun most of the time Edit: when people say ghost they mean in her mind not like a supernatural literal spooky ghost Edit 2: I'm not saying I believe the theory or that I want it to be true just that if it was true it makes sense since a young girl brutally killing people probably would be fucked up mentally So he's like Brad Pitt in Fight Club not like Patrick Swayze in Ghost? No dude we're saying Joel is a ghost. Patrick Swayze wasnt even in the last of us Wait, you didn't see Patrick Swayze in TLoU? Mate you missed one of the best parts of the game! Uh, no one is saying it's literally a ghost. Just her imagination while she's processing what's going on. The "ghost" is for the video gamer to watch a story. What is the indoctrination theory? HOT SPOILERS FOR MASS EFFECT 3's ENDING even if it's a 5 year old game at this point but whatever This video was made to debate the ending, hinting that Shepard was indoctrinated by the reapers. A lot (like A LOT) of people started clinging on to this theory and it turned out to be nothing. Look here. I just started playing that game, so thank you Have fun playing Me3! I HIGHLY Recommend you play Leviathan DLC during your playthrough. As someone who has never played mass effect and intends to, my thanks for the spoiler box 😊 Jesus dies! Hmmmmm not sure if trolling or not... 😜 Doubt it's ghost ghosts, maybe she's hallucinating it but I doubt we're going ghosts Also, why would she imagine him walking in from outside where she can't see or hear him? Are you incapable of imagining anything beyond your immediate surroundings? Yeah but that's just not typically how they depict hallucinations of people in games and movies Could be to make the audience first think Ellie is in danger as the person approaches, before pulling the shot back to reveal Joel. Joel isn't dead. Joel will die, but he's not dead. There's no reason to think he is dead other than the shadow. If anything, that look Ellie gives him is one of "I know what you did". Not "I'm gonna avenge you". But that's just my theory. Don't forget Darth Jar Jar, the most powerful sith Lord the galaxy has ever known 😆😂 It's very Harry Morgan from Dexter the way he looks. Completely as she remembers him, maybe a little better. A strong father figure, holding a rifle, ready to protect her. It may very well be that he knows he's too old to go with her and so he's making sure she knows he won't be taking part. I find that a little harder to believe, though. Well if he is alive he's probably pushing 60 at this point. No way he could still run around kicking ass like he did in the first game. Especially when you consider the physical toll of doing nothing but surviving, getting hit/shot/stabbed for 20 years has to take on your body. He probably couldn't stop Ellie if he tried. Old man strength. There is a gif of Santa Claus squatting 500lbs on the front page right now. Or he's become a poor-man's Wolverine. His body is riddled with metal and scar-tissue. Old Man Joel! Let's be fair, the Hulk couldn't stop Ellie is she wanted to do something. She'd just whistle and throw bricks at him repeatedly till he gave up. And the fact that we can't see his face. He almost appear like a fantomatic figure in that trailer. Obi-Joel Kenobi. I prefer Joelbi-Wan. Joel Joel Binks Or that she's 19 and he can't really tell her what to do. She's free to make her own decisions. Are you sure you want to go through with this, Dexter? Why are people jumping on this theory so quickly? Part I was too grounded (it was even the name of the game's ultimate difficulty setting) for Part II to be Ellie's Sixth Sense. Might Joel die over the course of the game? Sure. Is he going to be a full body apparition that follows her around and supports/guides her until some awful what-a-twist reveal? Honestly that feels insulting to Naughty Dog's proven quality track record. I trust Druckmann. I was thinking more of mental breakdown by ellie and starts seeing Joel where ever she goes The Last of us Beyond: Two Souls: 2 I think people are looking too much into this trailer. Do I think its possible that joel will die? Yes. I doubt he will be dead from the start but I suppose its possible. A lot of cg trailers for games are conceptual and not canon. You shut your whore mouth! I feel that not seeing Joel head on (only silhouetted) makes him feel almost detached. I'm not gonna jump to conclusions but I feel Joel's centralising protagonist position as seen in number 1 will get replaced by Ellie. that much has already been confirmed. Ellie is the main character in part 2. They confirmed that Ellie is the lead playable character while Joel is the secondary one, a reverse of the first game. But that doesn't mean he's dead. How cliche. You get to play as Joel in flashbacks where Tommy's town is getting attacked in the night by Fireflies. I understand the whole Joel is Bruce Willis theory, but why does this image specifically make you believe he is dead in II? The first game was created before II was even considered, they didn't have II planned at the time and came up with the story afterwards. You watched the announcement trailer did you? Yes, but the fact that joel's face was not shown directly, and that he walks into the house after she's been sitting there for a while, is leading a lot of people to think he died, and she's still continuing, but she's slightly delusional and hallucinates him talking to her all the time. He isn't dead. It would be a thematic departure for the series to have ghost characters and psychological illusions. The first game was very grounded in reality and Joel and Ellie were seeped in it. The whole reason they stayed alive was because they accepted the world they lived in and chose to survive alone without emotional attachments. It wouldnt be consistent with the character of Ellie to have her seeing ghosts. Yes this. I don't want him to be dead, and agree that if they do it'd take a departure into the supernatural which isn't what I'd want in TLOU. A psychotic breakdown where Ellie sees hallucinations of him would still be pretty grounded. he doesn't have to be a ghost. Hallucinating isn't supernatural though right? No one is saying he's a literal ghost. Am I the only one who noticed Joel's voice sounded very different in this new trailer than the last of us game? I think you need to replay the original. Sounds the same. Same voice actor. Doubt it, but nice theory. Characters don't die off screen. They'd need to kill him right away in part II. Yeah, but Ellie appears to be at least 3 or 4 years older in the trailer. That's a pretty big gap. They could do some sort of prologue that shows how he died and that she's been on her own ever since. She's older, sure, but that doesn't mean Joel is dead. Also it's pretty obvious Joel understands she's not a kid and can't influence her decisions. Ellie could have easily slipped away (as she's known to do) in order to kill this group that was shown, and in doing so let Joel know that she wasn't going to stop until the deed was done. I'd like to point out we have no clue who these guys are or why Ellie is super pissed off. Though she's always been pretty pissed off so that's not new. I assumed she meant the rest of the fireflies... after what they did to her at the university lab. I assume there's tons more throughout the country and she wants to kill them all. And possibly, they killed Joel shortly after the first story for rescuing her. So she wants revenge Joel's voice sounds as though he can't control what she's doing, and sounds to me like her internal moral voice bothering her as she goes on this long blood rampage by herself. what did they do to her at the lab? They wanted to find a cure and were willing to kill her to do so. We also found out that there were others immune like her that they killed trying to create a cure with no success. Besides prep to cut out her brain? Which she was ok with and wanted. If they're going to lead us to believe he's still alive even though he isn't then epilogue would work best. It would also suck if that's the last thing you see before the game is over, but man would it be powerful. They're gonna kill him in the first scene, same way the first one played out. That's a good point. It does look like he materializes out of the light from the doorway in the PSX trailer. If Joel dies, I better damn well be able to X for JOOOOEEEL Or Sully comes in and says "JOEL!!! NOOOOOOOOOO" Of course fucking Sully would survive the apocalypse. Probably just back from banging a few clicker barmaids in Lima. Right after he brought a bloater to church "You brought a bloater to church?" F L Dicks out for Joel This was the #1 thing I walked away from that trailer with. An excellent touch. That screenshot looks like utter shit. :( Joel better not be fucking dead My money is on we have him for part of the game, but he dies pretty early on. Not another Sarah incident... The first time is bad enough. :( If it happens (I'm in dennial) I guess it would be something like Tess in the first game. I honestly didn't care that much for Tess. The story centered on Ellie and Joel and the other characters really just didn't cut it for me early on in the game. Don't get me wrong I felt awful when Sarah died; but Tess? I just didn't really care about her. I did like Joel's Brother and a lot of the antagonists of the game though. :) I've started watching the game in youtube (played it a couple of years ago) with my wife who has no interest in video games. She cried so hard when Sarah died we had to take a break. I would say it's probably one of the most intense and heartbreaking scenarios in any game ever made. The mixture of feelings and emotions can really get to you, and that's just the first 15 minutes or so. See, and while Sarah really got to me and brought me to the brink of emotion... Nothing hit me like Sam and Henry. That was not only stabbing the knife, but twisting it too. I sure hope he gets past the tutorial, Sarah is weak for not making further than that tbh. Uhh she had a broken leg and then was shot. Yeah, what a weakling. 😕 with a semi automatic too! only wimps aren't able to handle that Man, you don't fuck around about Sarah. That shit cuts too deep, even now, years later. This is a perfect way of quickly moving on from the devastation one encounters in the beginning of TLOU. If he does die, I hope you see him die, but the entire game is going back in time to recap the events leading to it, so you get all your heartstrings tickled then cry the saddest of tears. The first thing i thought after the hype settled down in my brain, directly followed by 'My GOD it must be a pain in the arse to find new strings.' I was thinking that while watching; well that and "Wow they did a good job on those hands." Why does this look like a GameCube port? People always say stuff like this, but if you saw this screenshot when GameCube was current, you'd totally shit. I'm sure I'd shit seeing someone tie a buggie to a horse in whatever year, but I'd still want to take a car in 2016 Do you smell toast? Joel better not be dead. There have been so many shows and games where the twist was "OMG, he's been dead the whole time!" Pardon my ignorance, but besides Sixth Sense, who else has done that? On top of my head for the whole "not really there" thing: Call of Duty Reznov For that hacker show The dad Fight Club The friend All of these "Joel is dead" theories are unfounded. edit MOST Characters aren't killed off-screen. They may kill him at the start of the game, or in some flash back. edit I would like to add that killing off one of two main characters in an IP that has seen tremendous success makes very little sense. I don't think Naughty Dog is into pissing off their fans. And uh, JOEL WAS IN THE TRAILER. Exactly. Considering how impactful the first game made every character death, they wouldn't just open the 2nd with "btw he dead." Who says the trailer is from the beginning of the game? Could be in the middle or towards the end. eh having the main character die and then reappear a few scenes later as a ghost/hallucination would be a bit weird imo I don't think anyone is implying that's what they would do. You'd probably start playing the game with Ellie and Joel alive and towards the middle/end there's a flashback showing his death and you realize Ellie's been alone all that time. Perfectly possible if they avoid showing Joel communicating with other people. That would be my mind fuck then. I would never let Joel talk to people, so everyone hyped by that theory is paying a lot attention to this and is like "See he NEVER interacts with anyone except Ellie" and then in the last scenes he finally interacts with others. Additional, why the fuck would you kill a character that is at the head of one of the most beloved games in the last decade? It's dumb. Shock value and to show the character who killed him is significant. Different situation, but GTA V did it with Trevor killing Johnny. I think a way better comparison would be Telltale's Walking Dead. have you not watched game of thrones? i would be shocked if we didn't start seeing more main characters being slaughtered. i feel like the difference here is that game of thrones has an entire ensemble of characters and plots and subplots. the last of us is very much joel and ellie's story, so killing off half of that duo would be much more significant. Rip Soap McTavish It honestly barely sounds like his voice in my opinion. Sounds like a voice actor with a higher voice. My take is that Ellie argued with Joel about whatever she's killing these guys for and ran off to do so. Joel eventually catches up to her and sees the carnage. Realizing that she's gonna do this no matter what he asks her "are you really gonna go through with this?" Seems to me this is the most plausible. Reddit and other sites with fandoms just love jerking themselves with convoluted and twisting twists that would put Shyamalan to shame (funnily enough, with a similar idea from one of his movies). I guess it's normal though, since we as spectators have to work with very little time and material to speculate. Also, let's be honest, the theories don't come from someone or a team of people sitting dozens of hours thinking, scratching, analysing, etc the theories they come up with. Yeah at the most, they kill Joel off in a 20 minute preface to the game like they did in the original with his daughter Woah man, that's not true. His daughter just went to live with her mother on a farm in northern oklahoma. :*( Oh yeah, especially since Naughty Dog is one of the few companies that like to keep characters around. Characters are ABSOLUTELY killed "off screen" in all forms of media. I would like to add that killing off one of two main characters in an IP that has seen tremendous success makes very little sense Yeah, but they have kind of said themselves they didn't want to be stuck doing only Joel+Ellie stuff. This may have been a lie, but I can believe they'll introduce different characters now and kill off/end the story of the older ones. It still makes sense, not everyone is a greedy cunt that doesn't know when to end a story in a good manner. Can someone explain the significance of this and the NSFW tag? Joel promises to teach Ellie guitar towards the end of The Last of Us. The new trailer for Part II shows her playing guitar, which means he kept his word. It's just a cool bit of continuity. The NSFW tag is to hide spoilers but it's useless anyway because OP didn't include the name of the game in the title. Wow I'm really happy i didnt get to play it till the remastered version I struggled to get into the game. Not because it was a shitty story. Not because it was boring. Not because it was too difficult. I struggled to get into the game because as soon as one of those mushroom zombies came chasing towards me, I'd lose my shit and immediately quit the game. I'm glad I mustered up some courage and got passed the first few mushroom encounters because between this and the Unchartered series, it's hard to find games of this quality. The game was pretty scary but the scariest part imo was when you had to keep resetting the generator in the basement of that building. Sometimes I think about replaying this game a 3rd time but I always remember that feeling I got when you fall into the basement. When you see the silhouette of a zombie run across the hallway... Jesus. yup, I jumped. Hard. It's a good thing that controllers aren't wired anymore, I may have yanked it out of the console. When I think about replaying, the main thing that stops me is that only boring part early on after you make it out of the military zone and are climbing through skyscrapers in the rain. Only low point in the game and just meh Are you talking about the points where you're staying out of the light to avoid being spotted by soldiers? If you are, you're crazy that scene was intense. The game wasn't really scary to me other than that part. The dark watery basement in the hotel, had clickers and those bloater guys down there... definitely scariest part in the game. Well that first bit where you have to get through a room in the subway is terrifying too... It's the first time you meet the clickers. That's why I learned that you can just run from them as soon as the generator is on, screw that shit, I ran hard. Agreed. It's one of the few times in 30 years of gaming where I got actual anxiety having to play through a section. I don't play horror games, but I'm guessing you do, do you got more anxiety with the basement part than any other scary games? If so, I feel fine now! I always thought I was too chicken if I was scared of the basement part because I assumed games like Alien:Isolation and Outlast would be ten times worse. Fuck that part. Once it got going I just grabbed the key card and ran to the door. The bloater managed to get a spore bomb off, but I still got through the door with like six of them chasing me. Once I figured out to reset it then run upstairs it was much easier. OMG seriously...zombies freak me out...that level killed me. Great game though, one of my top 5 :) This is where I stopped playing in my play through. Still haven't got passed it. Need to start a new game. This was stupidly fucking difficult on Grounded. The rest of the game was moderately difficult and tense, but man... fuck that basement! I found most stuff cool instead of scary, cept for the generator level. That shit was off the chain! it was a pretty frightening game at times, i can see how it'd be tough to play through. Oh man, I uninstalled "Amnesia" after getting to a specific point. I understand. It still baffles me how people are ballsy enough to even INSTALL the game. Or any horror game for that matter. Im such a wuss when it comes to horror games Amnesia used to scare me until I realized how the monsters were coded. They literally see in a cone in front of them. Very little peripheral vision. Also, you can pull a drawer out of a large dresser, hold it up like a shield and because of how big it is, the monsters literally can't see you, so you can just slide around them. Monsters stop being scary when you can jump on their heads and they either swing wildly or don't give a fuck. Also, the whole "Oh hey, I bet when I loot this item a monster will appear behind me!" grab "Oh look, a monster where I expected one" got old real fast. Haha yeah it's tough, VR would make it unplayable. 2 words: Dread Halls. FUCK. THAT. I was playing Outlast and in the first five minutes got the shit scared out of me by a door closing, that's when I thought of how funny it would be if certain games had a "nope" option that just ended the game with your character ditching the situation. Especially ones that don't give you weapons... Pro tip: passed ≠ past Pro tip: passed = D or higher I'm playing through it for the first time now and I've decided I hate the scavenging aspect. Hate having to check every inch of every room for supplies. Game is great otherwise. So this is a zombie game. Finally, a clue. oh cmon clickers are the fun ones. they cant see you so you get to line up the headshots easy on them..or just make a bunch of molotovs on normal difficulty..throw a brick or glass bottle then toss a molotov. you should play on the harder difficulty settings..those are fun..no "radar" plus way fewer resources..a lot more running away lol good times. i cant wait for TLOU 2 Fun? You think we played TLoU because it was fun? Fuck that. Beat the game, immediately jump to Grounded difficulty, and learn how to hate yourself in ways you didn't think possible. Why in the fuck is this marked nsfw? People usually mark their posts as NSFW so that there thumbnail is hidden, to hide any spoilers in it. In this case, it's pretty fucking useless considering OP didn't put the name of the game in the title so it would be spoiled anyway once you clicked not knowing what game the post will be. Putting a vague title for a post containing spoilers... but not including what game is being talked about?? Can we not do this? I'm fairly certain it is The Last of Us, however I don't get the reference either. Watch the last of us 2 teaser HE 👏 TAUGHT 👏 HER 👏 TO 👏 PLAY 👏 GUITAR 👏 WHEN 👏 NO 👏 ONE 👏 ELSE 👏 WOULD I guess they aren't "done" though. Either I'm forgetting what it looked like on PS3 and it actually looked this blurry, or the pic itself is blurrier than usual. I have a PS3 hooked up to a TV with 720 resolution and it looks way better than this. Saying it's a spoiler without saying which game you are potentially spoiling kind of defeats the purpose. That said this is barely a spoiler so it's not a huge issue Man, I can't wait for TLOU2 :') TLOU:P2 FTFY TLOU2:P2:EB 2L2U:P2:EB 2 Last 2 Usurious? Nice catch. I'm cautiously optimistic about this, now. I really felt the game had a perfect ending, and no sequel was needed. Finding out they not only made a sequel but it's the same characters worried me. If it sucks, it doesn't take anything away from the first game. I beat The Last of Us for the first time yesterday, and I absolutely loved it. I'd like to see the story continued because we didn't get an end. Ellie was going to find out sooner or later that Joel lied. I mean, they went back to the dam with Tommy, and Tommy is an ex Firefly that has to have some old ties to the organization. The ending we got was a bubble. It was the end of Joel's story because Joel had found something to live for after he'd been in survival mode forever. He got a life back for a minute. It was nowhere close to the end of Ellie's story, though. And she never got a choice in her life. I guess I felt it ended her story as well. Ellie trusted Joel. She woke up after the climax of the game. Joel said it didn't work. She was still groggy and this man who had saved her a dozen times before had her safe on the back seat of a truck traveling. She took him at his word and tried to recover from what I imagine was a splitting headache. But as they got closer to "home" little things in her head didn't add up. She thought about it over and over. Little inconsistencies rattling around in her head. "Why don't I remember anything? Why didn't they wake me up? Why couldn't they find a cure after all that? I still haven't turned, this bite is basically healed at this point. Why couldn't they do anything with that information?" She finally confronted Joel. And this man, Joel. This man she trusted, she saved, she spent an entire year with lied to her face without hesitation. Her face said it all: She's alone. It doesn't matter the details, what happens when they get back, when she inevitably finds out the truth (it will always come out) She either is going to have to live a convenient lie, or face a horrendous truth. All her teenage mind can muster to say as a reaction to this flood of emotions and logical conclusions is "O.K." https://i.ytimg.com/vi/VoZeHxRZmTU/maxresdefault.jpg That was my take on it, anyway. And why I'm not exactly thrilled for a sequel. What is wrong with the graphics? This looks like it's from the 90's. Some long nights on the internet have led me to expect something different from a NSFW TLoU link. He kept his promise quite a while back. Did no one see the live performance they did? Troy and Ashley acted out a whole scene from after the game where he plays guitar and starts teaching her. "...and kill people, why not?" Didn't we already get this at the end of the original game with her already playing guitar? Never played this game. What am I looking at? I don't think he's dead. I think Ellie must have heard about Marlene and is pissed. Joel didn't tell her the truth and she thinks it's the fireflies that killed her. In mutiny or something. People forget that Marlene was basically her aunt. Marlene was like Ellie's aunt, but I honestly think that Joel is more important to her. They're basically a father and daughter by the end of the game, Joel even calls Ellie his baby girl and she trusts him so much that even when he lies to her about the fireflies, she's on the verge of tears, but is willing to go along with the lie because she trusts that he made the right call. Joel is definitely more important to her. I'm not disputing that. I just think some people have jumped to conclusions. Someone mentioned how Joel seemed to 'materialise' in the trailer suggesting he's a ghost. I'm like, it's a trailer, it's supposed to be mysterious. Plus he was in direct sunlight. I don't buy the 'Joel is dead the whole game' theory either. I don't actually have a theory for it, I just think it's a really well done trailer. "Ellie has a badass tattoo now" was mostly what I took away from the trailer. Me too. I'm just looking forward to seeing where her character goes. I love the idea of her being this badass mini Lara Croft but also am terrified at the prospect of her becoming a ruthless young woman. literally finished my second playthrough on Sunday and noticed this same thing Fuuuck, the feels Whoa! That's deepest lore. Also, why is this NSFW? Damn how did you get such a bad screenshot of such a beautiful game? Joel is going to turn, calling it now. Why is this NSFW? Fucking graphics man, you get fired for that shit! Why is this NSFW?? Why is this NSFW? NSFW is used on certain subreddits, like r/gaming and r/darksouls to indicate spoilers in the post Dumb question, why is this marked NSFW? NSFW for non smutty posts is meant to help avoid spoilers. NSFW posts art automatically hidden so you must click on it to show the post. why is this nsfw? datsa lot of upvotes Why I have this feeling that they gonna kill Joe in this game ending I don't want that :( Game? The Last of Us /r/TheLastofUs I'm not a big gamer, so I find it very weird that people in the audience at these things get so crazy excited. Feels like some guys literally crap their pants when Ellie showed up. Is it really that big of a deal? What's a hobby you just absolutely fucking love? Or imagine your favorite movie ever, and then later there's a sequel and you go see it, and while watching, you notice a detail that you remember being casually mentioned in the first. It's appreciative continuity to the storytelling. I'm not crying you're crying Bruhhhhhhhh I don't remember the graphics being this bad, I remember it being beautiful. Wth What if she taught herself? You know I played all the way through the last of us, but I don't particularly remember the ending...It must not have been very impactful. I'm so ready for the feels train in part 2. The Last of Us will always hold a very special place in my heart as a gamer. The connections and character building in the first game was just amazing to me. Thank god for that spoiler tag this picture gives away the entire plot basically. What's nsfw about this? The JPG. Mmmmm these graphics are awesome! Why is this considered NSFW? because spoiler $5 says theres gonna be a fucking guitar qte or some shit Beyond two souls Good game. What is qte Quick Time Event. Quick Time Event, basically a prompt shows up on the screen to press a button to continue the action. It means cutie and it's when the game gets really cute and makes you press specific buttons in a small time frame in a pass/fail kind of way. Kinda like in Resident Evil 4 where a monster would kill you if you didnt press A when it tells you to press A. Qte actually means quick time event I hope not. Is that how shit the graphics are? I used to think they were amazing Potato screenshot I forgot how bad the PS3 looked [deleted] Maybe, but wouldn't you see the edges of the tv? And if it was close enough to not see those edges you'd definitely see the pixels on the tv. Yeah, I looked at it again. But the resolution is waaay down, definitely not in game graphics If this comes to pc in any way shape or form, my life will be so utterly complete. Wow. What an awesome small tie in! Good guy Joel :Keeps promises Bad Guy Joel: hides the dark dark truth from ellie If it's over, it's gonna be a boring game.(IE: It ain't over) Woah. I literally just watched this exchange on my second replay. Man joel is so dead in part 2 isn't he We just need Joel to keep his promise that Ellie made for him. We need an Ellie and Joel duet. This was seriously my first thought after I saw the firefly logo and the gutiar. Had to count while she played! Holy shit this totally hit a cord, no pun intended. Spoiler! My guess from reading all the comments is that Joel will be presumed dead, like she sees him go down under a mountain of zombies or there's a big explosion or something, but at the end they're reunited and they get to play guitar together. Haven't played the first game so I don't know much. Better continuity than the whole of the xmen franchise. I was watching the trailer with a friend when it was announced. As soon as I realized Ellie was playing the guitar I was all "Oh shit Joel said he would teach Ellie to play guitar and he did." Teach her how to love DUCK! Why I am so excited? I don't even own a damn PS4! Oh my Lord, those textures are ghastly cries instantly I don't get this. Watch the The Last of Us Part 2 trailer. I can't wait for Last of Us 2, I think I'll actually buy a PS4 for it. However I was playing the original and found myself not wanting to the fight the fireflies at the end, knowing the outcome. Why can't I find that Office Space gif when I need it... This should be NSFL Holy shit :') I don't think Joel's dead. There's already a franchise about revenge for dead family it's called god of war and while the plot might be about more than that, it still is too much of an unoriginal idea. you have not watched the new trailer I see... watch the new trailer/video they released and you will know if he is or not. IIRC, the extra epilogue scene they did at the live performance featured her playing guitar too. can some1 explain the joke to me Woah, this game is for PS2? Father of the Year! First thing that came to mind when I started up the trailer. I never played the last of us... is it any good? Why do people think that Joel is dead? Isn't he in the trailer for the sequel? I might have to break down and upgrade from the ps3 for this game... Said I wouldn't until Bethesda came out with another elder scrolls, but, fuck... I wasn't expecting a sequel like this This is fucking weird. I was literally just thinking about his three seconds before I saw this post. Well you play as Ellie so you won't have to. any source on that? http://www.gamepur.com/news/25215-last-us-part-ii-story-counter-first-game-its-about-hate-says-neil-druckmann.html its said in the 4th paragraph darn. it would have preferred to keep playing as joel I've heard speculation that Joel is dead in this game and that's Ellie's reason for revenge. It'd make sense, but damn would I be all kinds of butthurt. But he was in the trailer EDIT:Feel I should add she already wanted revenge when he shows up The hypothesis is that he's dead and she's seeing him as some kind of companion/angel on the shoulder kind of deal. So before the trailer, Joel has been killed. She tracks some of the Fireflies down and slaughters them. She knows what Joel would say - "You really gonna go through with this?" because she knows he cared enough about her that he'd say her life is not worth risking for revenge. But Ellie don't give a fuuuuck, dude. *Chill, y'all. It's not my hypothesis, but I don't really care. If you have reason to believe otherwise, make a case. Just saying "thats garbage, naughty dog iz too pure for this wurld, i hate it" is not a compelling argument. Ooh man I can already feel the tears flowing.. No game before or since has hit me in the "Oh shit... didn't expect that" sadness feels like Joel's Daughter getting killed. I don't know how their gonna top that one. I can already remember the feeling I had during the last stage. People often complain how we are so loaded down like a tank it's not fair. But after going through that and having a full arsenal made it that much better. I burned used every fucking bomb I had just on single enemies. Damn phantom onion cutters! The trailer doesn't really give that away because you can see him step over things, he's holding a gun, he's making noise etc. But at the same time we never see his face and to me the biggest argument that he's dead is: what the hell else would get Ellie so riled up she's going to start hunting down people. The theory isn't that he's a ghost, but a product of Ellie's mind. What else would get Ellie so Riley'd up Heh Also, in TLoU he has a few grey hairs but in the Part II trailer his hair is completely brown. Isn't she perhaps pregnant in another screenshot? Could her baby had been killed? Or perhaps she is mad about how she became pregnant. Honestly this would be my favorite way to handle the ending of Last of Us. Ellie doesn't know what Joel did and thinks the fireflies are assholes for killing him prior to Part 2 And the truth gets revealed and she has to come to terms with everything and then has to make a real choice. I really hope they don't gloss over the fact that Joel killed a fuckton of innocent people and went against what Ellie wished for just to portray Joel as some super good guy or a martyr by killing him off and making it a revenge thing. I really hope their relationship will be deeper and much more filled with tension. Would be reasonable seeming as he also lied too her Revenge is a personal thing. She saw all the things he did, all the people he killed. It wouldn't have any effect on how painful his death would be to her. As for the ending of the first game, I could see that being a pretty great reveal, coming to her after she's already killed a number of fireflies in revenge, realizing that her mentor and father figure had lied to her about something so fucking huge. Ellie knew Joel was lying to her at the end though. She didn't care because she knew in that moment that he truly cared about her. I think it makes it pretty clear all the way through the entire game that Joel isn't a good person and his reasons for saving Ellie aren't anything to do with his moral compass - he's found an anchor to this new world in Ellie and he'll do anything he can to protect that. "He may have been a murdering asshole bastard... but he was MY murdering asshole bastard." Yes, thank you. Naughty Dog is known for good writing, and this fan theory people are talking about is trash writing. Joel being a ghost? You know what an insane cop-out that is to include one of the two main characters as a ghost? Naughty Dog is not that dumb. I want Joel alive and Ellie alive so we can witness their deeper relationship. For the love of God, that's the entire point of That Last Of Us. The first game was all about the father-daughter relationship slowly blooming in the trashed world. It was incredible. That's really cheesy. I'd hate that "Cheese" depends entirely on how something is portrayed, or written. No idea is "cheese-y" in and of itself, it entirely depends on how capable the people handling it are. Every story or twist you've ever read or experienced has been a retread of something that came before it, for the most part. This is coming from someone who really does not want to see Joel dead. Yeah, just like every other stupid theory redditors make up and think they're genius for Not at all. Its a pretty common and powerful plot device. It was used pretty well in the walking dead with Ricks phone call I've also seen a theory that Ellie has a kid and the fireflies kidnap it for the cure. I'd much rather it be that then the "Ghost Joel" theory. Really don't like that idea. She's like 19 and she already has a kid? Who's the father? Don't like either option presented but dead-Joel would be a little bit better to me than teen-revenge-mom Ellie. Ellie's into chicks tho dude To my mind Ellie will always be gay. Ellie has a kid from Joel. Nice idea https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Pedobear.png edit: It was a sarcastic comment ffs This is a shit theory Which could be why we didn't see his face. He was just an angel or a figment of her imagination. I don't think that's the case tbh. I think the story and setting is too grounded in reality to have a Dexter/Harry Morgan visions thing going on. I think it'd undermine Ellie's character to depend on Joel so much that she literally cannot live without him by her side. Especially since the whole theme of the first game is moving on. This is very bittersweet, as I think a PTSD ridden Ellie would make for an EXCELLENT protagonist.. But at the same time Joel dying would not only be soul crushing, but it also means we would not get the see the interaction between Ellie and Joel when Ellie finds out the truth of the ending of the first game.. We might even receive some weird Ellie talking to her imaginary Joel from her visons about it, and that would not give Ellie nor us as players closure on that arc. Either that, or Joel IS alive and her objective is to kill him as revenge for something.... The way he walked into the house though looked like he was alive, usually in those scenarios they just pop up if they're a ghost but than again maybe that'd be too obvious I'm thinking kind of like Fight Club or Scrubs with Dr. Cox's buddy, stuff like that - the mind makes the scenario fit. You never see them arrive, but your brain patches that part of the narrative. You know what I mean? Yeah, people are reading way too much into a short trailer. That makes alot of sense. This is Joel we're talking about. If he thinks Ellie is about to do something stupid he wouldn't just ask her "You really wanna go through this?" He'd just kidnap her and stick her in a basement somewhere. So the trailer implies to me that Joel can't actually stop her. Maybe because he's just Ellie's imagination. Damnit Reddit, I just went through this with you people with Westworld... Im pretty sure Troy Baker said the trailer wasn't canon on the panel Damn, that reminds me of bioshock infinite burial at sea, good old radio Booker. Hallucination maybe. I'm betting Joel's going to be like an imaginary friend in this game. She'll talk to him, ask for advice, and he'll offer words of comfort and direction (ex: being chased by an enemy, he'll tell you to "hide here" or "go this way") until the big reveal that he's been dead for a year. In order to prevent this from happening, we have to blast it all over reddit so that the writers will see this and change the ending. Kinda like in Dexter? Huh. I think i like the sound of that. Wasn't that a CoD game plot? Maybe its a result of not doing anything about the stuff growing all over her head. Similar to BATMAN SPOILER: how Joker in Arkham Knight follows batman around? I'd like that. I was upset about his possible death at first but this seems rad tbh If he's dead I suspect, and hope, that they'll just state it outright. The ghost still appears but he's not meant to be a M. Shyamalan twist, instead his meant to be a projection of Ellie's conscience and internal conflict. Since Ellie would be alone there wouldn't be much of a story to tell otherwise. Pls let me dream ;-; You'll must likely have dream sequences where he is in it, yes. His line to her in the trailer is interesting - "what are you doing, kiddo?" Either they've been separated for a period of time or he is not really there and it's a projection of her own conscience, which is how I interpreted it. Not necessarily... she could've just ran off and went through with it and he followed her. Maybe she found out what they wanted to do to her or somethinf like that. Ghosts and hallucinations and dreams are very real to the people experiencing them, in reality and in video games. ;) we never really see his face IIRC and he comes out of a white light. Strong drugs can kill the feels... but also make a young woman hallucinate. I really hope Joel isn't dead in the game, I want him to have to face Ellie when she finds out he's been lying to her all along. The game needs that resolution before he goes anywhere. Spoiler alert, her look at the end of part 1: she knows. To then play it like she had no clue would turn the character into an idiot. She already knows. There was an offical stage play type thing about them mending their relationship after the first game due to her knowing what he did. It's a little grey on whether that's canon or not. Troy Baker (Joel) denied that it was and Druckmann gave a "well..." in response to Baker' denial. Link? Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. I think it's also possible that Ellie ran off after disagreeing with Joel to find whoever these dudes were (just cause that sign has a firefly logo doesn't make them fireflies) and Joel shows up looking for her. There are other reasons that could explain why Ellie is on a rampage, it's just Joel being dead is the one most people immediately thought. Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. Well he could have gone somewhere and come back afterthe fighting was done. It looked to me like Ellie had gone out and killed a bunch of people and Joel tracked her down. I personally really hope the theory is wrong and Joel isn't dead but as long as Naughty Dog does it properly I'll get over it. It sounds like Neil, Ashley, and Troy have a real love for these characters so I'm going to try to trust in whatever decision they make in regards to this. If I recall she looks dirty and bloodied while Joel looks relatively clean...at least from our angle. I understand, I think it would be great for the story but damn... I'd be sad if Joel is dead. So long as it delivers fun gameplay and as great a story as the first one, Naughty Dog will have my money...dare I say even my pre-order. I'd be willing to bet that Joel dies very early in the game. You'll start the game as Joel and be in control of him when he dies. Followed by WINTER Run little rabbit, RUN I dunno why, but this comment gave me goosebumps in some weird nostalgic flashback-y way. That chapter was so bleak. During the panel, the directorsaid something along the lines of "Ellie and Joel both play very differently in this game...." so it sounds like he is saying you play as him at least a little, maybe similar to the amount you played as Ellie in the first game. Fan made rumors. Would be really stupid if that was the case. That was a theory a redditor spun which means dick. No-one knows just yet. I wanna guess that maybe she found out about what the fireflies were gonna do and she got mad too? I'm gonna be super bummed if this turns out to be true. All the surprise taken away on the comment section of the first trailer. Honestly my favorite level in the game was playing as Ellie. for me it was fun because it was only a small part. Like playing as Ashley Graham in RE4. The part where you kill the cannibal guy as Ellie is probably the most challenging part of the game. Only thing that felt like a boss fight. I seriously hated it tbh. Pain in the ass cause I wasn't too great at stealth. Would have been hilarious if they'd let you keep her "plot stealth" that allowed her to be out in the open but still unnoticed. The DLC where you play as her is rad as fuck too! Me too. People are going to assume right away its just because I don't want to play as a girl, but thats just not true. I grew to like playing as Joel. I just kept yelling "Hey asshole, why can't you carry more than 6 bullets?" I just liked playing as a character with my given name for once. When Ellie asked for help, she was asking me. He is getting a bit old. its only 6 years later... He's old in the first one. He was over 30 when his daughter died. That would put him close to 50 if not a little beyond by the first game. Almost 55-60 here. That's old to be running around and fighting 30 year olds. look at the wiki he is 48 during TLOU So everything I said is approximately accurate. Almost 50 and almost 55-60 sure sounds close to 48 and 54 in my opinion. how old would he be though? hed probably be like 60 or 70 in TLOU2 wouldnt he? late 50 early 60. EDIT: i checked he would be 54-55 not that old Had to stop reading after the 4th typo in the article. So many spelling errors... Can't remember where I heard it, but I heard it somewhere. Will find and get back to you on that it was at TLOU PII panel was it not? Yep, believe so Naughty Dog's panel at PSX http://www.technobuffalo.com/2016/12/06/you-play-as-ellie-in-the-last-of-us-2/ Joel will be the one on the raft this time. 'yeah you get to babysit me now bitch' That "mission" was hell. I hated the way the trains were You know what's bothered me about Ellie? She knows how to kill people, hunt for food, shoot a gun, and stitch up a wound, but one of the most necessary and basic survival skills, swimming, is completely unknown to her. It's not a basic survival skill in the US. I know other countries have mandatory swimming classes during grade school but the US does not. So there will indeed be people who can hunt, shoot, and stitch but not swim. Crazy to me that any parents wouldn't teach their kids to swim. Also crazier that all kids aren't taught by default any source on that? http://www.gamepur.com/news/25215-last-us-part-ii-story-counter-first-game-its-about-hate-says-neil-druckmann.html its said in the 4th paragraph darn. it would have preferred to keep playing as joel I've heard speculation that Joel is dead in this game and that's Ellie's reason for revenge. It'd make sense, but damn would I be all kinds of butthurt. But he was in the trailer EDIT:Feel I should add she already wanted revenge when he shows up The hypothesis is that he's dead and she's seeing him as some kind of companion/angel on the shoulder kind of deal. So before the trailer, Joel has been killed. She tracks some of the Fireflies down and slaughters them. She knows what Joel would say - "You really gonna go through with this?" because she knows he cared enough about her that he'd say her life is not worth risking for revenge. But Ellie don't give a fuuuuck, dude. *Chill, y'all. It's not my hypothesis, but I don't really care. If you have reason to believe otherwise, make a case. Just saying "thats garbage, naughty dog iz too pure for this wurld, i hate it" is not a compelling argument. Ooh man I can already feel the tears flowing.. No game before or since has hit me in the "Oh shit... didn't expect that" sadness feels like Joel's Daughter getting killed. I don't know how their gonna top that one. I can already remember the feeling I had during the last stage. People often complain how we are so loaded down like a tank it's not fair. But after going through that and having a full arsenal made it that much better. I burned used every fucking bomb I had just on single enemies. Damn phantom onion cutters! The trailer doesn't really give that away because you can see him step over things, he's holding a gun, he's making noise etc. But at the same time we never see his face and to me the biggest argument that he's dead is: what the hell else would get Ellie so riled up she's going to start hunting down people. The theory isn't that he's a ghost, but a product of Ellie's mind. What else would get Ellie so Riley'd up Heh Also, in TLoU he has a few grey hairs but in the Part II trailer his hair is completely brown. Isn't she perhaps pregnant in another screenshot? Could her baby had been killed? Or perhaps she is mad about how she became pregnant. Honestly this would be my favorite way to handle the ending of Last of Us. Ellie doesn't know what Joel did and thinks the fireflies are assholes for killing him prior to Part 2 And the truth gets revealed and she has to come to terms with everything and then has to make a real choice. I really hope they don't gloss over the fact that Joel killed a fuckton of innocent people and went against what Ellie wished for just to portray Joel as some super good guy or a martyr by killing him off and making it a revenge thing. I really hope their relationship will be deeper and much more filled with tension. Would be reasonable seeming as he also lied too her Revenge is a personal thing. She saw all the things he did, all the people he killed. It wouldn't have any effect on how painful his death would be to her. As for the ending of the first game, I could see that being a pretty great reveal, coming to her after she's already killed a number of fireflies in revenge, realizing that her mentor and father figure had lied to her about something so fucking huge. Ellie knew Joel was lying to her at the end though. She didn't care because she knew in that moment that he truly cared about her. I think it makes it pretty clear all the way through the entire game that Joel isn't a good person and his reasons for saving Ellie aren't anything to do with his moral compass - he's found an anchor to this new world in Ellie and he'll do anything he can to protect that. "He may have been a murdering asshole bastard... but he was MY murdering asshole bastard." Yes, thank you. Naughty Dog is known for good writing, and this fan theory people are talking about is trash writing. Joel being a ghost? You know what an insane cop-out that is to include one of the two main characters as a ghost? Naughty Dog is not that dumb. I want Joel alive and Ellie alive so we can witness their deeper relationship. For the love of God, that's the entire point of That Last Of Us. The first game was all about the father-daughter relationship slowly blooming in the trashed world. It was incredible. That's really cheesy. I'd hate that "Cheese" depends entirely on how something is portrayed, or written. No idea is "cheese-y" in and of itself, it entirely depends on how capable the people handling it are. Every story or twist you've ever read or experienced has been a retread of something that came before it, for the most part. This is coming from someone who really does not want to see Joel dead. Yeah, just like every other stupid theory redditors make up and think they're genius for Not at all. Its a pretty common and powerful plot device. It was used pretty well in the walking dead with Ricks phone call I've also seen a theory that Ellie has a kid and the fireflies kidnap it for the cure. I'd much rather it be that then the "Ghost Joel" theory. Really don't like that idea. She's like 19 and she already has a kid? Who's the father? Don't like either option presented but dead-Joel would be a little bit better to me than teen-revenge-mom Ellie. Ellie's into chicks tho dude To my mind Ellie will always be gay. Ellie has a kid from Joel. Nice idea https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Pedobear.png edit: It was a sarcastic comment ffs This is a shit theory Which could be why we didn't see his face. He was just an angel or a figment of her imagination. I don't think that's the case tbh. I think the story and setting is too grounded in reality to have a Dexter/Harry Morgan visions thing going on. I think it'd undermine Ellie's character to depend on Joel so much that she literally cannot live without him by her side. Especially since the whole theme of the first game is moving on. This is very bittersweet, as I think a PTSD ridden Ellie would make for an EXCELLENT protagonist.. But at the same time Joel dying would not only be soul crushing, but it also means we would not get the see the interaction between Ellie and Joel when Ellie finds out the truth of the ending of the first game.. We might even receive some weird Ellie talking to her imaginary Joel from her visons about it, and that would not give Ellie nor us as players closure on that arc. Either that, or Joel IS alive and her objective is to kill him as revenge for something.... The way he walked into the house though looked like he was alive, usually in those scenarios they just pop up if they're a ghost but than again maybe that'd be too obvious I'm thinking kind of like Fight Club or Scrubs with Dr. Cox's buddy, stuff like that - the mind makes the scenario fit. You never see them arrive, but your brain patches that part of the narrative. You know what I mean? Yeah, people are reading way too much into a short trailer. That makes alot of sense. This is Joel we're talking about. If he thinks Ellie is about to do something stupid he wouldn't just ask her "You really wanna go through this?" He'd just kidnap her and stick her in a basement somewhere. So the trailer implies to me that Joel can't actually stop her. Maybe because he's just Ellie's imagination. Damnit Reddit, I just went through this with you people with Westworld... Im pretty sure Troy Baker said the trailer wasn't canon on the panel Damn, that reminds me of bioshock infinite burial at sea, good old radio Booker. Hallucination maybe. I'm betting Joel's going to be like an imaginary friend in this game. She'll talk to him, ask for advice, and he'll offer words of comfort and direction (ex: being chased by an enemy, he'll tell you to "hide here" or "go this way") until the big reveal that he's been dead for a year. In order to prevent this from happening, we have to blast it all over reddit so that the writers will see this and change the ending. Kinda like in Dexter? Huh. I think i like the sound of that. Wasn't that a CoD game plot? Maybe its a result of not doing anything about the stuff growing all over her head. Similar to BATMAN SPOILER: how Joker in Arkham Knight follows batman around? I'd like that. I was upset about his possible death at first but this seems rad tbh If he's dead I suspect, and hope, that they'll just state it outright. The ghost still appears but he's not meant to be a M. Shyamalan twist, instead his meant to be a projection of Ellie's conscience and internal conflict. Since Ellie would be alone there wouldn't be much of a story to tell otherwise. Pls let me dream ;-; You'll must likely have dream sequences where he is in it, yes. His line to her in the trailer is interesting - "what are you doing, kiddo?" Either they've been separated for a period of time or he is not really there and it's a projection of her own conscience, which is how I interpreted it. Not necessarily... she could've just ran off and went through with it and he followed her. Maybe she found out what they wanted to do to her or somethinf like that. Ghosts and hallucinations and dreams are very real to the people experiencing them, in reality and in video games. ;) we never really see his face IIRC and he comes out of a white light. Strong drugs can kill the feels... but also make a young woman hallucinate. I really hope Joel isn't dead in the game, I want him to have to face Ellie when she finds out he's been lying to her all along. The game needs that resolution before he goes anywhere. Spoiler alert, her look at the end of part 1: she knows. To then play it like she had no clue would turn the character into an idiot. She already knows. There was an offical stage play type thing about them mending their relationship after the first game due to her knowing what he did. It's a little grey on whether that's canon or not. Troy Baker (Joel) denied that it was and Druckmann gave a "well..." in response to Baker' denial. Link? Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. I think it's also possible that Ellie ran off after disagreeing with Joel to find whoever these dudes were (just cause that sign has a firefly logo doesn't make them fireflies) and Joel shows up looking for her. There are other reasons that could explain why Ellie is on a rampage, it's just Joel being dead is the one most people immediately thought. Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. Well he could have gone somewhere and come back afterthe fighting was done. It looked to me like Ellie had gone out and killed a bunch of people and Joel tracked her down. I personally really hope the theory is wrong and Joel isn't dead but as long as Naughty Dog does it properly I'll get over it. It sounds like Neil, Ashley, and Troy have a real love for these characters so I'm going to try to trust in whatever decision they make in regards to this. If I recall she looks dirty and bloodied while Joel looks relatively clean...at least from our angle. I understand, I think it would be great for the story but damn... I'd be sad if Joel is dead. So long as it delivers fun gameplay and as great a story as the first one, Naughty Dog will have my money...dare I say even my pre-order. I'd be willing to bet that Joel dies very early in the game. You'll start the game as Joel and be in control of him when he dies. Followed by WINTER Run little rabbit, RUN I dunno why, but this comment gave me goosebumps in some weird nostalgic flashback-y way. That chapter was so bleak. During the panel, the directorsaid something along the lines of "Ellie and Joel both play very differently in this game...." so it sounds like he is saying you play as him at least a little, maybe similar to the amount you played as Ellie in the first game. Fan made rumors. Would be really stupid if that was the case. That was a theory a redditor spun which means dick. No-one knows just yet. I wanna guess that maybe she found out about what the fireflies were gonna do and she got mad too? I'm gonna be super bummed if this turns out to be true. All the surprise taken away on the comment section of the first trailer. Honestly my favorite level in the game was playing as Ellie. for me it was fun because it was only a small part. Like playing as Ashley Graham in RE4. The part where you kill the cannibal guy as Ellie is probably the most challenging part of the game. Only thing that felt like a boss fight. I seriously hated it tbh. Pain in the ass cause I wasn't too great at stealth. Would have been hilarious if they'd let you keep her "plot stealth" that allowed her to be out in the open but still unnoticed. The DLC where you play as her is rad as fuck too! Me too. People are going to assume right away its just because I don't want to play as a girl, but thats just not true. I grew to like playing as Joel. I just kept yelling "Hey asshole, why can't you carry more than 6 bullets?" I just liked playing as a character with my given name for once. When Ellie asked for help, she was asking me. He is getting a bit old. its only 6 years later... He's old in the first one. He was over 30 when his daughter died. That would put him close to 50 if not a little beyond by the first game. Almost 55-60 here. That's old to be running around and fighting 30 year olds. look at the wiki he is 48 during TLOU So everything I said is approximately accurate. Almost 50 and almost 55-60 sure sounds close to 48 and 54 in my opinion. how old would he be though? hed probably be like 60 or 70 in TLOU2 wouldnt he? late 50 early 60. EDIT: i checked he would be 54-55 not that old Had to stop reading after the 4th typo in the article. So many spelling errors... Can't remember where I heard it, but I heard it somewhere. Will find and get back to you on that it was at TLOU PII panel was it not? Yep, believe so Naughty Dog's panel at PSX http://www.technobuffalo.com/2016/12/06/you-play-as-ellie-in-the-last-of-us-2/ Joel will be the one on the raft this time. 'yeah you get to babysit me now bitch' http://www.gamepur.com/news/25215-last-us-part-ii-story-counter-first-game-its-about-hate-says-neil-druckmann.html its said in the 4th paragraph darn. it would have preferred to keep playing as joel I've heard speculation that Joel is dead in this game and that's Ellie's reason for revenge. It'd make sense, but damn would I be all kinds of butthurt. But he was in the trailer EDIT:Feel I should add she already wanted revenge when he shows up The hypothesis is that he's dead and she's seeing him as some kind of companion/angel on the shoulder kind of deal. So before the trailer, Joel has been killed. She tracks some of the Fireflies down and slaughters them. She knows what Joel would say - "You really gonna go through with this?" because she knows he cared enough about her that he'd say her life is not worth risking for revenge. But Ellie don't give a fuuuuck, dude. *Chill, y'all. It's not my hypothesis, but I don't really care. If you have reason to believe otherwise, make a case. Just saying "thats garbage, naughty dog iz too pure for this wurld, i hate it" is not a compelling argument. Ooh man I can already feel the tears flowing.. No game before or since has hit me in the "Oh shit... didn't expect that" sadness feels like Joel's Daughter getting killed. I don't know how their gonna top that one. I can already remember the feeling I had during the last stage. People often complain how we are so loaded down like a tank it's not fair. But after going through that and having a full arsenal made it that much better. I burned used every fucking bomb I had just on single enemies. Damn phantom onion cutters! The trailer doesn't really give that away because you can see him step over things, he's holding a gun, he's making noise etc. But at the same time we never see his face and to me the biggest argument that he's dead is: what the hell else would get Ellie so riled up she's going to start hunting down people. The theory isn't that he's a ghost, but a product of Ellie's mind. What else would get Ellie so Riley'd up Heh Also, in TLoU he has a few grey hairs but in the Part II trailer his hair is completely brown. Isn't she perhaps pregnant in another screenshot? Could her baby had been killed? Or perhaps she is mad about how she became pregnant. Honestly this would be my favorite way to handle the ending of Last of Us. Ellie doesn't know what Joel did and thinks the fireflies are assholes for killing him prior to Part 2 And the truth gets revealed and she has to come to terms with everything and then has to make a real choice. I really hope they don't gloss over the fact that Joel killed a fuckton of innocent people and went against what Ellie wished for just to portray Joel as some super good guy or a martyr by killing him off and making it a revenge thing. I really hope their relationship will be deeper and much more filled with tension. Would be reasonable seeming as he also lied too her Revenge is a personal thing. She saw all the things he did, all the people he killed. It wouldn't have any effect on how painful his death would be to her. As for the ending of the first game, I could see that being a pretty great reveal, coming to her after she's already killed a number of fireflies in revenge, realizing that her mentor and father figure had lied to her about something so fucking huge. Ellie knew Joel was lying to her at the end though. She didn't care because she knew in that moment that he truly cared about her. I think it makes it pretty clear all the way through the entire game that Joel isn't a good person and his reasons for saving Ellie aren't anything to do with his moral compass - he's found an anchor to this new world in Ellie and he'll do anything he can to protect that. "He may have been a murdering asshole bastard... but he was MY murdering asshole bastard." Yes, thank you. Naughty Dog is known for good writing, and this fan theory people are talking about is trash writing. Joel being a ghost? You know what an insane cop-out that is to include one of the two main characters as a ghost? Naughty Dog is not that dumb. I want Joel alive and Ellie alive so we can witness their deeper relationship. For the love of God, that's the entire point of That Last Of Us. The first game was all about the father-daughter relationship slowly blooming in the trashed world. It was incredible. That's really cheesy. I'd hate that "Cheese" depends entirely on how something is portrayed, or written. No idea is "cheese-y" in and of itself, it entirely depends on how capable the people handling it are. Every story or twist you've ever read or experienced has been a retread of something that came before it, for the most part. This is coming from someone who really does not want to see Joel dead. Yeah, just like every other stupid theory redditors make up and think they're genius for Not at all. Its a pretty common and powerful plot device. It was used pretty well in the walking dead with Ricks phone call I've also seen a theory that Ellie has a kid and the fireflies kidnap it for the cure. I'd much rather it be that then the "Ghost Joel" theory. Really don't like that idea. She's like 19 and she already has a kid? Who's the father? Don't like either option presented but dead-Joel would be a little bit better to me than teen-revenge-mom Ellie. Ellie's into chicks tho dude To my mind Ellie will always be gay. Ellie has a kid from Joel. Nice idea https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Pedobear.png edit: It was a sarcastic comment ffs This is a shit theory Which could be why we didn't see his face. He was just an angel or a figment of her imagination. I don't think that's the case tbh. I think the story and setting is too grounded in reality to have a Dexter/Harry Morgan visions thing going on. I think it'd undermine Ellie's character to depend on Joel so much that she literally cannot live without him by her side. Especially since the whole theme of the first game is moving on. This is very bittersweet, as I think a PTSD ridden Ellie would make for an EXCELLENT protagonist.. But at the same time Joel dying would not only be soul crushing, but it also means we would not get the see the interaction between Ellie and Joel when Ellie finds out the truth of the ending of the first game.. We might even receive some weird Ellie talking to her imaginary Joel from her visons about it, and that would not give Ellie nor us as players closure on that arc. Either that, or Joel IS alive and her objective is to kill him as revenge for something.... The way he walked into the house though looked like he was alive, usually in those scenarios they just pop up if they're a ghost but than again maybe that'd be too obvious I'm thinking kind of like Fight Club or Scrubs with Dr. Cox's buddy, stuff like that - the mind makes the scenario fit. You never see them arrive, but your brain patches that part of the narrative. You know what I mean? Yeah, people are reading way too much into a short trailer. That makes alot of sense. This is Joel we're talking about. If he thinks Ellie is about to do something stupid he wouldn't just ask her "You really wanna go through this?" He'd just kidnap her and stick her in a basement somewhere. So the trailer implies to me that Joel can't actually stop her. Maybe because he's just Ellie's imagination. Damnit Reddit, I just went through this with you people with Westworld... Im pretty sure Troy Baker said the trailer wasn't canon on the panel Damn, that reminds me of bioshock infinite burial at sea, good old radio Booker. Hallucination maybe. I'm betting Joel's going to be like an imaginary friend in this game. She'll talk to him, ask for advice, and he'll offer words of comfort and direction (ex: being chased by an enemy, he'll tell you to "hide here" or "go this way") until the big reveal that he's been dead for a year. In order to prevent this from happening, we have to blast it all over reddit so that the writers will see this and change the ending. Kinda like in Dexter? Huh. I think i like the sound of that. Wasn't that a CoD game plot? Maybe its a result of not doing anything about the stuff growing all over her head. Similar to BATMAN SPOILER: how Joker in Arkham Knight follows batman around? I'd like that. I was upset about his possible death at first but this seems rad tbh If he's dead I suspect, and hope, that they'll just state it outright. The ghost still appears but he's not meant to be a M. Shyamalan twist, instead his meant to be a projection of Ellie's conscience and internal conflict. Since Ellie would be alone there wouldn't be much of a story to tell otherwise. Pls let me dream ;-; You'll must likely have dream sequences where he is in it, yes. His line to her in the trailer is interesting - "what are you doing, kiddo?" Either they've been separated for a period of time or he is not really there and it's a projection of her own conscience, which is how I interpreted it. Not necessarily... she could've just ran off and went through with it and he followed her. Maybe she found out what they wanted to do to her or somethinf like that. Ghosts and hallucinations and dreams are very real to the people experiencing them, in reality and in video games. ;) we never really see his face IIRC and he comes out of a white light. Strong drugs can kill the feels... but also make a young woman hallucinate. I really hope Joel isn't dead in the game, I want him to have to face Ellie when she finds out he's been lying to her all along. The game needs that resolution before he goes anywhere. Spoiler alert, her look at the end of part 1: she knows. To then play it like she had no clue would turn the character into an idiot. She already knows. There was an offical stage play type thing about them mending their relationship after the first game due to her knowing what he did. It's a little grey on whether that's canon or not. Troy Baker (Joel) denied that it was and Druckmann gave a "well..." in response to Baker' denial. Link? Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. I think it's also possible that Ellie ran off after disagreeing with Joel to find whoever these dudes were (just cause that sign has a firefly logo doesn't make them fireflies) and Joel shows up looking for her. There are other reasons that could explain why Ellie is on a rampage, it's just Joel being dead is the one most people immediately thought. Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. Well he could have gone somewhere and come back afterthe fighting was done. It looked to me like Ellie had gone out and killed a bunch of people and Joel tracked her down. I personally really hope the theory is wrong and Joel isn't dead but as long as Naughty Dog does it properly I'll get over it. It sounds like Neil, Ashley, and Troy have a real love for these characters so I'm going to try to trust in whatever decision they make in regards to this. If I recall she looks dirty and bloodied while Joel looks relatively clean...at least from our angle. I understand, I think it would be great for the story but damn... I'd be sad if Joel is dead. So long as it delivers fun gameplay and as great a story as the first one, Naughty Dog will have my money...dare I say even my pre-order. I'd be willing to bet that Joel dies very early in the game. You'll start the game as Joel and be in control of him when he dies. Followed by WINTER Run little rabbit, RUN I dunno why, but this comment gave me goosebumps in some weird nostalgic flashback-y way. That chapter was so bleak. During the panel, the directorsaid something along the lines of "Ellie and Joel both play very differently in this game...." so it sounds like he is saying you play as him at least a little, maybe similar to the amount you played as Ellie in the first game. Fan made rumors. Would be really stupid if that was the case. That was a theory a redditor spun which means dick. No-one knows just yet. I wanna guess that maybe she found out about what the fireflies were gonna do and she got mad too? I'm gonna be super bummed if this turns out to be true. All the surprise taken away on the comment section of the first trailer. Honestly my favorite level in the game was playing as Ellie. for me it was fun because it was only a small part. Like playing as Ashley Graham in RE4. The part where you kill the cannibal guy as Ellie is probably the most challenging part of the game. Only thing that felt like a boss fight. I seriously hated it tbh. Pain in the ass cause I wasn't too great at stealth. Would have been hilarious if they'd let you keep her "plot stealth" that allowed her to be out in the open but still unnoticed. The DLC where you play as her is rad as fuck too! Me too. People are going to assume right away its just because I don't want to play as a girl, but thats just not true. I grew to like playing as Joel. I just kept yelling "Hey asshole, why can't you carry more than 6 bullets?" I just liked playing as a character with my given name for once. When Ellie asked for help, she was asking me. He is getting a bit old. its only 6 years later... He's old in the first one. He was over 30 when his daughter died. That would put him close to 50 if not a little beyond by the first game. Almost 55-60 here. That's old to be running around and fighting 30 year olds. look at the wiki he is 48 during TLOU So everything I said is approximately accurate. Almost 50 and almost 55-60 sure sounds close to 48 and 54 in my opinion. how old would he be though? hed probably be like 60 or 70 in TLOU2 wouldnt he? late 50 early 60. EDIT: i checked he would be 54-55 not that old Had to stop reading after the 4th typo in the article. So many spelling errors... Can't remember where I heard it, but I heard it somewhere. Will find and get back to you on that it was at TLOU PII panel was it not? Yep, believe so Naughty Dog's panel at PSX http://www.technobuffalo.com/2016/12/06/you-play-as-ellie-in-the-last-of-us-2/ darn. it would have preferred to keep playing as joel I've heard speculation that Joel is dead in this game and that's Ellie's reason for revenge. It'd make sense, but damn would I be all kinds of butthurt. But he was in the trailer EDIT:Feel I should add she already wanted revenge when he shows up The hypothesis is that he's dead and she's seeing him as some kind of companion/angel on the shoulder kind of deal. So before the trailer, Joel has been killed. She tracks some of the Fireflies down and slaughters them. She knows what Joel would say - "You really gonna go through with this?" because she knows he cared enough about her that he'd say her life is not worth risking for revenge. But Ellie don't give a fuuuuck, dude. *Chill, y'all. It's not my hypothesis, but I don't really care. If you have reason to believe otherwise, make a case. Just saying "thats garbage, naughty dog iz too pure for this wurld, i hate it" is not a compelling argument. Ooh man I can already feel the tears flowing.. No game before or since has hit me in the "Oh shit... didn't expect that" sadness feels like Joel's Daughter getting killed. I don't know how their gonna top that one. I can already remember the feeling I had during the last stage. People often complain how we are so loaded down like a tank it's not fair. But after going through that and having a full arsenal made it that much better. I burned used every fucking bomb I had just on single enemies. Damn phantom onion cutters! The trailer doesn't really give that away because you can see him step over things, he's holding a gun, he's making noise etc. But at the same time we never see his face and to me the biggest argument that he's dead is: what the hell else would get Ellie so riled up she's going to start hunting down people. The theory isn't that he's a ghost, but a product of Ellie's mind. What else would get Ellie so Riley'd up Heh Also, in TLoU he has a few grey hairs but in the Part II trailer his hair is completely brown. Isn't she perhaps pregnant in another screenshot? Could her baby had been killed? Or perhaps she is mad about how she became pregnant. Honestly this would be my favorite way to handle the ending of Last of Us. Ellie doesn't know what Joel did and thinks the fireflies are assholes for killing him prior to Part 2 And the truth gets revealed and she has to come to terms with everything and then has to make a real choice. I really hope they don't gloss over the fact that Joel killed a fuckton of innocent people and went against what Ellie wished for just to portray Joel as some super good guy or a martyr by killing him off and making it a revenge thing. I really hope their relationship will be deeper and much more filled with tension. Would be reasonable seeming as he also lied too her Revenge is a personal thing. She saw all the things he did, all the people he killed. It wouldn't have any effect on how painful his death would be to her. As for the ending of the first game, I could see that being a pretty great reveal, coming to her after she's already killed a number of fireflies in revenge, realizing that her mentor and father figure had lied to her about something so fucking huge. Ellie knew Joel was lying to her at the end though. She didn't care because she knew in that moment that he truly cared about her. I think it makes it pretty clear all the way through the entire game that Joel isn't a good person and his reasons for saving Ellie aren't anything to do with his moral compass - he's found an anchor to this new world in Ellie and he'll do anything he can to protect that. "He may have been a murdering asshole bastard... but he was MY murdering asshole bastard." Yes, thank you. Naughty Dog is known for good writing, and this fan theory people are talking about is trash writing. Joel being a ghost? You know what an insane cop-out that is to include one of the two main characters as a ghost? Naughty Dog is not that dumb. I want Joel alive and Ellie alive so we can witness their deeper relationship. For the love of God, that's the entire point of That Last Of Us. The first game was all about the father-daughter relationship slowly blooming in the trashed world. It was incredible. That's really cheesy. I'd hate that "Cheese" depends entirely on how something is portrayed, or written. No idea is "cheese-y" in and of itself, it entirely depends on how capable the people handling it are. Every story or twist you've ever read or experienced has been a retread of something that came before it, for the most part. This is coming from someone who really does not want to see Joel dead. Yeah, just like every other stupid theory redditors make up and think they're genius for Not at all. Its a pretty common and powerful plot device. It was used pretty well in the walking dead with Ricks phone call I've also seen a theory that Ellie has a kid and the fireflies kidnap it for the cure. I'd much rather it be that then the "Ghost Joel" theory. Really don't like that idea. She's like 19 and she already has a kid? Who's the father? Don't like either option presented but dead-Joel would be a little bit better to me than teen-revenge-mom Ellie. Ellie's into chicks tho dude To my mind Ellie will always be gay. Ellie has a kid from Joel. Nice idea https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Pedobear.png edit: It was a sarcastic comment ffs This is a shit theory Which could be why we didn't see his face. He was just an angel or a figment of her imagination. I don't think that's the case tbh. I think the story and setting is too grounded in reality to have a Dexter/Harry Morgan visions thing going on. I think it'd undermine Ellie's character to depend on Joel so much that she literally cannot live without him by her side. Especially since the whole theme of the first game is moving on. This is very bittersweet, as I think a PTSD ridden Ellie would make for an EXCELLENT protagonist.. But at the same time Joel dying would not only be soul crushing, but it also means we would not get the see the interaction between Ellie and Joel when Ellie finds out the truth of the ending of the first game.. We might even receive some weird Ellie talking to her imaginary Joel from her visons about it, and that would not give Ellie nor us as players closure on that arc. Either that, or Joel IS alive and her objective is to kill him as revenge for something.... The way he walked into the house though looked like he was alive, usually in those scenarios they just pop up if they're a ghost but than again maybe that'd be too obvious I'm thinking kind of like Fight Club or Scrubs with Dr. Cox's buddy, stuff like that - the mind makes the scenario fit. You never see them arrive, but your brain patches that part of the narrative. You know what I mean? Yeah, people are reading way too much into a short trailer. That makes alot of sense. This is Joel we're talking about. If he thinks Ellie is about to do something stupid he wouldn't just ask her "You really wanna go through this?" He'd just kidnap her and stick her in a basement somewhere. So the trailer implies to me that Joel can't actually stop her. Maybe because he's just Ellie's imagination. Damnit Reddit, I just went through this with you people with Westworld... Im pretty sure Troy Baker said the trailer wasn't canon on the panel Damn, that reminds me of bioshock infinite burial at sea, good old radio Booker. Hallucination maybe. I'm betting Joel's going to be like an imaginary friend in this game. She'll talk to him, ask for advice, and he'll offer words of comfort and direction (ex: being chased by an enemy, he'll tell you to "hide here" or "go this way") until the big reveal that he's been dead for a year. In order to prevent this from happening, we have to blast it all over reddit so that the writers will see this and change the ending. Kinda like in Dexter? Huh. I think i like the sound of that. Wasn't that a CoD game plot? Maybe its a result of not doing anything about the stuff growing all over her head. Similar to BATMAN SPOILER: how Joker in Arkham Knight follows batman around? I'd like that. I was upset about his possible death at first but this seems rad tbh If he's dead I suspect, and hope, that they'll just state it outright. The ghost still appears but he's not meant to be a M. Shyamalan twist, instead his meant to be a projection of Ellie's conscience and internal conflict. Since Ellie would be alone there wouldn't be much of a story to tell otherwise. Pls let me dream ;-; You'll must likely have dream sequences where he is in it, yes. His line to her in the trailer is interesting - "what are you doing, kiddo?" Either they've been separated for a period of time or he is not really there and it's a projection of her own conscience, which is how I interpreted it. Not necessarily... she could've just ran off and went through with it and he followed her. Maybe she found out what they wanted to do to her or somethinf like that. Ghosts and hallucinations and dreams are very real to the people experiencing them, in reality and in video games. ;) we never really see his face IIRC and he comes out of a white light. Strong drugs can kill the feels... but also make a young woman hallucinate. I really hope Joel isn't dead in the game, I want him to have to face Ellie when she finds out he's been lying to her all along. The game needs that resolution before he goes anywhere. Spoiler alert, her look at the end of part 1: she knows. To then play it like she had no clue would turn the character into an idiot. She already knows. There was an offical stage play type thing about them mending their relationship after the first game due to her knowing what he did. It's a little grey on whether that's canon or not. Troy Baker (Joel) denied that it was and Druckmann gave a "well..." in response to Baker' denial. Link? Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. I think it's also possible that Ellie ran off after disagreeing with Joel to find whoever these dudes were (just cause that sign has a firefly logo doesn't make them fireflies) and Joel shows up looking for her. There are other reasons that could explain why Ellie is on a rampage, it's just Joel being dead is the one most people immediately thought. Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. Well he could have gone somewhere and come back afterthe fighting was done. It looked to me like Ellie had gone out and killed a bunch of people and Joel tracked her down. I personally really hope the theory is wrong and Joel isn't dead but as long as Naughty Dog does it properly I'll get over it. It sounds like Neil, Ashley, and Troy have a real love for these characters so I'm going to try to trust in whatever decision they make in regards to this. If I recall she looks dirty and bloodied while Joel looks relatively clean...at least from our angle. I understand, I think it would be great for the story but damn... I'd be sad if Joel is dead. So long as it delivers fun gameplay and as great a story as the first one, Naughty Dog will have my money...dare I say even my pre-order. I'd be willing to bet that Joel dies very early in the game. You'll start the game as Joel and be in control of him when he dies. Followed by WINTER Run little rabbit, RUN I dunno why, but this comment gave me goosebumps in some weird nostalgic flashback-y way. That chapter was so bleak. During the panel, the directorsaid something along the lines of "Ellie and Joel both play very differently in this game...." so it sounds like he is saying you play as him at least a little, maybe similar to the amount you played as Ellie in the first game. Fan made rumors. Would be really stupid if that was the case. That was a theory a redditor spun which means dick. No-one knows just yet. I wanna guess that maybe she found out about what the fireflies were gonna do and she got mad too? I'm gonna be super bummed if this turns out to be true. All the surprise taken away on the comment section of the first trailer. Honestly my favorite level in the game was playing as Ellie. for me it was fun because it was only a small part. Like playing as Ashley Graham in RE4. The part where you kill the cannibal guy as Ellie is probably the most challenging part of the game. Only thing that felt like a boss fight. I seriously hated it tbh. Pain in the ass cause I wasn't too great at stealth. Would have been hilarious if they'd let you keep her "plot stealth" that allowed her to be out in the open but still unnoticed. The DLC where you play as her is rad as fuck too! Me too. People are going to assume right away its just because I don't want to play as a girl, but thats just not true. I grew to like playing as Joel. I just kept yelling "Hey asshole, why can't you carry more than 6 bullets?" I just liked playing as a character with my given name for once. When Ellie asked for help, she was asking me. He is getting a bit old. its only 6 years later... He's old in the first one. He was over 30 when his daughter died. That would put him close to 50 if not a little beyond by the first game. Almost 55-60 here. That's old to be running around and fighting 30 year olds. look at the wiki he is 48 during TLOU So everything I said is approximately accurate. Almost 50 and almost 55-60 sure sounds close to 48 and 54 in my opinion. how old would he be though? hed probably be like 60 or 70 in TLOU2 wouldnt he? late 50 early 60. EDIT: i checked he would be 54-55 not that old Had to stop reading after the 4th typo in the article. So many spelling errors... I've heard speculation that Joel is dead in this game and that's Ellie's reason for revenge. It'd make sense, but damn would I be all kinds of butthurt. But he was in the trailer EDIT:Feel I should add she already wanted revenge when he shows up The hypothesis is that he's dead and she's seeing him as some kind of companion/angel on the shoulder kind of deal. So before the trailer, Joel has been killed. She tracks some of the Fireflies down and slaughters them. She knows what Joel would say - "You really gonna go through with this?" because she knows he cared enough about her that he'd say her life is not worth risking for revenge. But Ellie don't give a fuuuuck, dude. *Chill, y'all. It's not my hypothesis, but I don't really care. If you have reason to believe otherwise, make a case. Just saying "thats garbage, naughty dog iz too pure for this wurld, i hate it" is not a compelling argument. Ooh man I can already feel the tears flowing.. No game before or since has hit me in the "Oh shit... didn't expect that" sadness feels like Joel's Daughter getting killed. I don't know how their gonna top that one. I can already remember the feeling I had during the last stage. People often complain how we are so loaded down like a tank it's not fair. But after going through that and having a full arsenal made it that much better. I burned used every fucking bomb I had just on single enemies. Damn phantom onion cutters! The trailer doesn't really give that away because you can see him step over things, he's holding a gun, he's making noise etc. But at the same time we never see his face and to me the biggest argument that he's dead is: what the hell else would get Ellie so riled up she's going to start hunting down people. The theory isn't that he's a ghost, but a product of Ellie's mind. What else would get Ellie so Riley'd up Heh Also, in TLoU he has a few grey hairs but in the Part II trailer his hair is completely brown. Isn't she perhaps pregnant in another screenshot? Could her baby had been killed? Or perhaps she is mad about how she became pregnant. Honestly this would be my favorite way to handle the ending of Last of Us. Ellie doesn't know what Joel did and thinks the fireflies are assholes for killing him prior to Part 2 And the truth gets revealed and she has to come to terms with everything and then has to make a real choice. I really hope they don't gloss over the fact that Joel killed a fuckton of innocent people and went against what Ellie wished for just to portray Joel as some super good guy or a martyr by killing him off and making it a revenge thing. I really hope their relationship will be deeper and much more filled with tension. Would be reasonable seeming as he also lied too her Revenge is a personal thing. She saw all the things he did, all the people he killed. It wouldn't have any effect on how painful his death would be to her. As for the ending of the first game, I could see that being a pretty great reveal, coming to her after she's already killed a number of fireflies in revenge, realizing that her mentor and father figure had lied to her about something so fucking huge. Ellie knew Joel was lying to her at the end though. She didn't care because she knew in that moment that he truly cared about her. I think it makes it pretty clear all the way through the entire game that Joel isn't a good person and his reasons for saving Ellie aren't anything to do with his moral compass - he's found an anchor to this new world in Ellie and he'll do anything he can to protect that. "He may have been a murdering asshole bastard... but he was MY murdering asshole bastard." Yes, thank you. Naughty Dog is known for good writing, and this fan theory people are talking about is trash writing. Joel being a ghost? You know what an insane cop-out that is to include one of the two main characters as a ghost? Naughty Dog is not that dumb. I want Joel alive and Ellie alive so we can witness their deeper relationship. For the love of God, that's the entire point of That Last Of Us. The first game was all about the father-daughter relationship slowly blooming in the trashed world. It was incredible. That's really cheesy. I'd hate that "Cheese" depends entirely on how something is portrayed, or written. No idea is "cheese-y" in and of itself, it entirely depends on how capable the people handling it are. Every story or twist you've ever read or experienced has been a retread of something that came before it, for the most part. This is coming from someone who really does not want to see Joel dead. Yeah, just like every other stupid theory redditors make up and think they're genius for Not at all. Its a pretty common and powerful plot device. It was used pretty well in the walking dead with Ricks phone call I've also seen a theory that Ellie has a kid and the fireflies kidnap it for the cure. I'd much rather it be that then the "Ghost Joel" theory. Really don't like that idea. She's like 19 and she already has a kid? Who's the father? Don't like either option presented but dead-Joel would be a little bit better to me than teen-revenge-mom Ellie. Ellie's into chicks tho dude To my mind Ellie will always be gay. Ellie has a kid from Joel. Nice idea https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Pedobear.png edit: It was a sarcastic comment ffs This is a shit theory Which could be why we didn't see his face. He was just an angel or a figment of her imagination. I don't think that's the case tbh. I think the story and setting is too grounded in reality to have a Dexter/Harry Morgan visions thing going on. I think it'd undermine Ellie's character to depend on Joel so much that she literally cannot live without him by her side. Especially since the whole theme of the first game is moving on. This is very bittersweet, as I think a PTSD ridden Ellie would make for an EXCELLENT protagonist.. But at the same time Joel dying would not only be soul crushing, but it also means we would not get the see the interaction between Ellie and Joel when Ellie finds out the truth of the ending of the first game.. We might even receive some weird Ellie talking to her imaginary Joel from her visons about it, and that would not give Ellie nor us as players closure on that arc. Either that, or Joel IS alive and her objective is to kill him as revenge for something.... The way he walked into the house though looked like he was alive, usually in those scenarios they just pop up if they're a ghost but than again maybe that'd be too obvious I'm thinking kind of like Fight Club or Scrubs with Dr. Cox's buddy, stuff like that - the mind makes the scenario fit. You never see them arrive, but your brain patches that part of the narrative. You know what I mean? Yeah, people are reading way too much into a short trailer. That makes alot of sense. This is Joel we're talking about. If he thinks Ellie is about to do something stupid he wouldn't just ask her "You really wanna go through this?" He'd just kidnap her and stick her in a basement somewhere. So the trailer implies to me that Joel can't actually stop her. Maybe because he's just Ellie's imagination. Damnit Reddit, I just went through this with you people with Westworld... Im pretty sure Troy Baker said the trailer wasn't canon on the panel Damn, that reminds me of bioshock infinite burial at sea, good old radio Booker. Hallucination maybe. I'm betting Joel's going to be like an imaginary friend in this game. She'll talk to him, ask for advice, and he'll offer words of comfort and direction (ex: being chased by an enemy, he'll tell you to "hide here" or "go this way") until the big reveal that he's been dead for a year. In order to prevent this from happening, we have to blast it all over reddit so that the writers will see this and change the ending. Kinda like in Dexter? Huh. I think i like the sound of that. Wasn't that a CoD game plot? Maybe its a result of not doing anything about the stuff growing all over her head. Similar to BATMAN SPOILER: how Joker in Arkham Knight follows batman around? I'd like that. I was upset about his possible death at first but this seems rad tbh If he's dead I suspect, and hope, that they'll just state it outright. The ghost still appears but he's not meant to be a M. Shyamalan twist, instead his meant to be a projection of Ellie's conscience and internal conflict. Since Ellie would be alone there wouldn't be much of a story to tell otherwise. Pls let me dream ;-; You'll must likely have dream sequences where he is in it, yes. His line to her in the trailer is interesting - "what are you doing, kiddo?" Either they've been separated for a period of time or he is not really there and it's a projection of her own conscience, which is how I interpreted it. Not necessarily... she could've just ran off and went through with it and he followed her. Maybe she found out what they wanted to do to her or somethinf like that. Ghosts and hallucinations and dreams are very real to the people experiencing them, in reality and in video games. ;) we never really see his face IIRC and he comes out of a white light. Strong drugs can kill the feels... but also make a young woman hallucinate. I really hope Joel isn't dead in the game, I want him to have to face Ellie when she finds out he's been lying to her all along. The game needs that resolution before he goes anywhere. Spoiler alert, her look at the end of part 1: she knows. To then play it like she had no clue would turn the character into an idiot. She already knows. There was an offical stage play type thing about them mending their relationship after the first game due to her knowing what he did. It's a little grey on whether that's canon or not. Troy Baker (Joel) denied that it was and Druckmann gave a "well..." in response to Baker' denial. Link? Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. I think it's also possible that Ellie ran off after disagreeing with Joel to find whoever these dudes were (just cause that sign has a firefly logo doesn't make them fireflies) and Joel shows up looking for her. There are other reasons that could explain why Ellie is on a rampage, it's just Joel being dead is the one most people immediately thought. Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. Well he could have gone somewhere and come back afterthe fighting was done. It looked to me like Ellie had gone out and killed a bunch of people and Joel tracked her down. I personally really hope the theory is wrong and Joel isn't dead but as long as Naughty Dog does it properly I'll get over it. It sounds like Neil, Ashley, and Troy have a real love for these characters so I'm going to try to trust in whatever decision they make in regards to this. If I recall she looks dirty and bloodied while Joel looks relatively clean...at least from our angle. I understand, I think it would be great for the story but damn... I'd be sad if Joel is dead. So long as it delivers fun gameplay and as great a story as the first one, Naughty Dog will have my money...dare I say even my pre-order. I'd be willing to bet that Joel dies very early in the game. You'll start the game as Joel and be in control of him when he dies. Followed by WINTER Run little rabbit, RUN I dunno why, but this comment gave me goosebumps in some weird nostalgic flashback-y way. That chapter was so bleak. During the panel, the directorsaid something along the lines of "Ellie and Joel both play very differently in this game...." so it sounds like he is saying you play as him at least a little, maybe similar to the amount you played as Ellie in the first game. Fan made rumors. Would be really stupid if that was the case. That was a theory a redditor spun which means dick. No-one knows just yet. I wanna guess that maybe she found out about what the fireflies were gonna do and she got mad too? I'm gonna be super bummed if this turns out to be true. All the surprise taken away on the comment section of the first trailer. Honestly my favorite level in the game was playing as Ellie. for me it was fun because it was only a small part. Like playing as Ashley Graham in RE4. The part where you kill the cannibal guy as Ellie is probably the most challenging part of the game. Only thing that felt like a boss fight. I seriously hated it tbh. Pain in the ass cause I wasn't too great at stealth. Would have been hilarious if they'd let you keep her "plot stealth" that allowed her to be out in the open but still unnoticed. The DLC where you play as her is rad as fuck too! Me too. People are going to assume right away its just because I don't want to play as a girl, but thats just not true. I grew to like playing as Joel. I just kept yelling "Hey asshole, why can't you carry more than 6 bullets?" I just liked playing as a character with my given name for once. When Ellie asked for help, she was asking me. He is getting a bit old. its only 6 years later... He's old in the first one. He was over 30 when his daughter died. That would put him close to 50 if not a little beyond by the first game. Almost 55-60 here. That's old to be running around and fighting 30 year olds. look at the wiki he is 48 during TLOU So everything I said is approximately accurate. Almost 50 and almost 55-60 sure sounds close to 48 and 54 in my opinion. how old would he be though? hed probably be like 60 or 70 in TLOU2 wouldnt he? late 50 early 60. EDIT: i checked he would be 54-55 not that old But he was in the trailer EDIT:Feel I should add she already wanted revenge when he shows up The hypothesis is that he's dead and she's seeing him as some kind of companion/angel on the shoulder kind of deal. So before the trailer, Joel has been killed. She tracks some of the Fireflies down and slaughters them. She knows what Joel would say - "You really gonna go through with this?" because she knows he cared enough about her that he'd say her life is not worth risking for revenge. But Ellie don't give a fuuuuck, dude. *Chill, y'all. It's not my hypothesis, but I don't really care. If you have reason to believe otherwise, make a case. Just saying "thats garbage, naughty dog iz too pure for this wurld, i hate it" is not a compelling argument. Ooh man I can already feel the tears flowing.. No game before or since has hit me in the "Oh shit... didn't expect that" sadness feels like Joel's Daughter getting killed. I don't know how their gonna top that one. I can already remember the feeling I had during the last stage. People often complain how we are so loaded down like a tank it's not fair. But after going through that and having a full arsenal made it that much better. I burned used every fucking bomb I had just on single enemies. Damn phantom onion cutters! The trailer doesn't really give that away because you can see him step over things, he's holding a gun, he's making noise etc. But at the same time we never see his face and to me the biggest argument that he's dead is: what the hell else would get Ellie so riled up she's going to start hunting down people. The theory isn't that he's a ghost, but a product of Ellie's mind. What else would get Ellie so Riley'd up Heh Also, in TLoU he has a few grey hairs but in the Part II trailer his hair is completely brown. Isn't she perhaps pregnant in another screenshot? Could her baby had been killed? Or perhaps she is mad about how she became pregnant. Honestly this would be my favorite way to handle the ending of Last of Us. Ellie doesn't know what Joel did and thinks the fireflies are assholes for killing him prior to Part 2 And the truth gets revealed and she has to come to terms with everything and then has to make a real choice. I really hope they don't gloss over the fact that Joel killed a fuckton of innocent people and went against what Ellie wished for just to portray Joel as some super good guy or a martyr by killing him off and making it a revenge thing. I really hope their relationship will be deeper and much more filled with tension. Would be reasonable seeming as he also lied too her Revenge is a personal thing. She saw all the things he did, all the people he killed. It wouldn't have any effect on how painful his death would be to her. As for the ending of the first game, I could see that being a pretty great reveal, coming to her after she's already killed a number of fireflies in revenge, realizing that her mentor and father figure had lied to her about something so fucking huge. Ellie knew Joel was lying to her at the end though. She didn't care because she knew in that moment that he truly cared about her. I think it makes it pretty clear all the way through the entire game that Joel isn't a good person and his reasons for saving Ellie aren't anything to do with his moral compass - he's found an anchor to this new world in Ellie and he'll do anything he can to protect that. "He may have been a murdering asshole bastard... but he was MY murdering asshole bastard." Yes, thank you. Naughty Dog is known for good writing, and this fan theory people are talking about is trash writing. Joel being a ghost? You know what an insane cop-out that is to include one of the two main characters as a ghost? Naughty Dog is not that dumb. I want Joel alive and Ellie alive so we can witness their deeper relationship. For the love of God, that's the entire point of That Last Of Us. The first game was all about the father-daughter relationship slowly blooming in the trashed world. It was incredible. That's really cheesy. I'd hate that "Cheese" depends entirely on how something is portrayed, or written. No idea is "cheese-y" in and of itself, it entirely depends on how capable the people handling it are. Every story or twist you've ever read or experienced has been a retread of something that came before it, for the most part. This is coming from someone who really does not want to see Joel dead. Yeah, just like every other stupid theory redditors make up and think they're genius for Not at all. Its a pretty common and powerful plot device. It was used pretty well in the walking dead with Ricks phone call I've also seen a theory that Ellie has a kid and the fireflies kidnap it for the cure. I'd much rather it be that then the "Ghost Joel" theory. Really don't like that idea. She's like 19 and she already has a kid? Who's the father? Don't like either option presented but dead-Joel would be a little bit better to me than teen-revenge-mom Ellie. Ellie's into chicks tho dude To my mind Ellie will always be gay. Ellie has a kid from Joel. Nice idea https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Pedobear.png edit: It was a sarcastic comment ffs This is a shit theory Which could be why we didn't see his face. He was just an angel or a figment of her imagination. I don't think that's the case tbh. I think the story and setting is too grounded in reality to have a Dexter/Harry Morgan visions thing going on. I think it'd undermine Ellie's character to depend on Joel so much that she literally cannot live without him by her side. Especially since the whole theme of the first game is moving on. This is very bittersweet, as I think a PTSD ridden Ellie would make for an EXCELLENT protagonist.. But at the same time Joel dying would not only be soul crushing, but it also means we would not get the see the interaction between Ellie and Joel when Ellie finds out the truth of the ending of the first game.. We might even receive some weird Ellie talking to her imaginary Joel from her visons about it, and that would not give Ellie nor us as players closure on that arc. Either that, or Joel IS alive and her objective is to kill him as revenge for something.... The way he walked into the house though looked like he was alive, usually in those scenarios they just pop up if they're a ghost but than again maybe that'd be too obvious I'm thinking kind of like Fight Club or Scrubs with Dr. Cox's buddy, stuff like that - the mind makes the scenario fit. You never see them arrive, but your brain patches that part of the narrative. You know what I mean? Yeah, people are reading way too much into a short trailer. That makes alot of sense. This is Joel we're talking about. If he thinks Ellie is about to do something stupid he wouldn't just ask her "You really wanna go through this?" He'd just kidnap her and stick her in a basement somewhere. So the trailer implies to me that Joel can't actually stop her. Maybe because he's just Ellie's imagination. Damnit Reddit, I just went through this with you people with Westworld... Im pretty sure Troy Baker said the trailer wasn't canon on the panel Damn, that reminds me of bioshock infinite burial at sea, good old radio Booker. Hallucination maybe. I'm betting Joel's going to be like an imaginary friend in this game. She'll talk to him, ask for advice, and he'll offer words of comfort and direction (ex: being chased by an enemy, he'll tell you to "hide here" or "go this way") until the big reveal that he's been dead for a year. In order to prevent this from happening, we have to blast it all over reddit so that the writers will see this and change the ending. Kinda like in Dexter? Huh. I think i like the sound of that. Wasn't that a CoD game plot? Maybe its a result of not doing anything about the stuff growing all over her head. Similar to BATMAN SPOILER: how Joker in Arkham Knight follows batman around? I'd like that. I was upset about his possible death at first but this seems rad tbh If he's dead I suspect, and hope, that they'll just state it outright. The ghost still appears but he's not meant to be a M. Shyamalan twist, instead his meant to be a projection of Ellie's conscience and internal conflict. Since Ellie would be alone there wouldn't be much of a story to tell otherwise. Pls let me dream ;-; You'll must likely have dream sequences where he is in it, yes. His line to her in the trailer is interesting - "what are you doing, kiddo?" Either they've been separated for a period of time or he is not really there and it's a projection of her own conscience, which is how I interpreted it. Not necessarily... she could've just ran off and went through with it and he followed her. Maybe she found out what they wanted to do to her or somethinf like that. Ghosts and hallucinations and dreams are very real to the people experiencing them, in reality and in video games. ;) we never really see his face IIRC and he comes out of a white light. Strong drugs can kill the feels... but also make a young woman hallucinate. I really hope Joel isn't dead in the game, I want him to have to face Ellie when she finds out he's been lying to her all along. The game needs that resolution before he goes anywhere. Spoiler alert, her look at the end of part 1: she knows. To then play it like she had no clue would turn the character into an idiot. She already knows. There was an offical stage play type thing about them mending their relationship after the first game due to her knowing what he did. It's a little grey on whether that's canon or not. Troy Baker (Joel) denied that it was and Druckmann gave a "well..." in response to Baker' denial. Link? Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. I think it's also possible that Ellie ran off after disagreeing with Joel to find whoever these dudes were (just cause that sign has a firefly logo doesn't make them fireflies) and Joel shows up looking for her. There are other reasons that could explain why Ellie is on a rampage, it's just Joel being dead is the one most people immediately thought. Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. Well he could have gone somewhere and come back afterthe fighting was done. It looked to me like Ellie had gone out and killed a bunch of people and Joel tracked her down. I personally really hope the theory is wrong and Joel isn't dead but as long as Naughty Dog does it properly I'll get over it. It sounds like Neil, Ashley, and Troy have a real love for these characters so I'm going to try to trust in whatever decision they make in regards to this. If I recall she looks dirty and bloodied while Joel looks relatively clean...at least from our angle. I understand, I think it would be great for the story but damn... I'd be sad if Joel is dead. So long as it delivers fun gameplay and as great a story as the first one, Naughty Dog will have my money...dare I say even my pre-order. I'd be willing to bet that Joel dies very early in the game. You'll start the game as Joel and be in control of him when he dies. Followed by WINTER Run little rabbit, RUN I dunno why, but this comment gave me goosebumps in some weird nostalgic flashback-y way. That chapter was so bleak. During the panel, the directorsaid something along the lines of "Ellie and Joel both play very differently in this game...." so it sounds like he is saying you play as him at least a little, maybe similar to the amount you played as Ellie in the first game. Fan made rumors. Would be really stupid if that was the case. That was a theory a redditor spun which means dick. No-one knows just yet. I wanna guess that maybe she found out about what the fireflies were gonna do and she got mad too? I'm gonna be super bummed if this turns out to be true. All the surprise taken away on the comment section of the first trailer. The hypothesis is that he's dead and she's seeing him as some kind of companion/angel on the shoulder kind of deal. So before the trailer, Joel has been killed. She tracks some of the Fireflies down and slaughters them. She knows what Joel would say - "You really gonna go through with this?" because she knows he cared enough about her that he'd say her life is not worth risking for revenge. But Ellie don't give a fuuuuck, dude. *Chill, y'all. It's not my hypothesis, but I don't really care. If you have reason to believe otherwise, make a case. Just saying "thats garbage, naughty dog iz too pure for this wurld, i hate it" is not a compelling argument. Ooh man I can already feel the tears flowing.. No game before or since has hit me in the "Oh shit... didn't expect that" sadness feels like Joel's Daughter getting killed. I don't know how their gonna top that one. I can already remember the feeling I had during the last stage. People often complain how we are so loaded down like a tank it's not fair. But after going through that and having a full arsenal made it that much better. I burned used every fucking bomb I had just on single enemies. Damn phantom onion cutters! The trailer doesn't really give that away because you can see him step over things, he's holding a gun, he's making noise etc. But at the same time we never see his face and to me the biggest argument that he's dead is: what the hell else would get Ellie so riled up she's going to start hunting down people. The theory isn't that he's a ghost, but a product of Ellie's mind. What else would get Ellie so Riley'd up Heh Also, in TLoU he has a few grey hairs but in the Part II trailer his hair is completely brown. Isn't she perhaps pregnant in another screenshot? Could her baby had been killed? Or perhaps she is mad about how she became pregnant. Honestly this would be my favorite way to handle the ending of Last of Us. Ellie doesn't know what Joel did and thinks the fireflies are assholes for killing him prior to Part 2 And the truth gets revealed and she has to come to terms with everything and then has to make a real choice. I really hope they don't gloss over the fact that Joel killed a fuckton of innocent people and went against what Ellie wished for just to portray Joel as some super good guy or a martyr by killing him off and making it a revenge thing. I really hope their relationship will be deeper and much more filled with tension. Would be reasonable seeming as he also lied too her Revenge is a personal thing. She saw all the things he did, all the people he killed. It wouldn't have any effect on how painful his death would be to her. As for the ending of the first game, I could see that being a pretty great reveal, coming to her after she's already killed a number of fireflies in revenge, realizing that her mentor and father figure had lied to her about something so fucking huge. Ellie knew Joel was lying to her at the end though. She didn't care because she knew in that moment that he truly cared about her. I think it makes it pretty clear all the way through the entire game that Joel isn't a good person and his reasons for saving Ellie aren't anything to do with his moral compass - he's found an anchor to this new world in Ellie and he'll do anything he can to protect that. "He may have been a murdering asshole bastard... but he was MY murdering asshole bastard." Yes, thank you. Naughty Dog is known for good writing, and this fan theory people are talking about is trash writing. Joel being a ghost? You know what an insane cop-out that is to include one of the two main characters as a ghost? Naughty Dog is not that dumb. I want Joel alive and Ellie alive so we can witness their deeper relationship. For the love of God, that's the entire point of That Last Of Us. The first game was all about the father-daughter relationship slowly blooming in the trashed world. It was incredible. That's really cheesy. I'd hate that "Cheese" depends entirely on how something is portrayed, or written. No idea is "cheese-y" in and of itself, it entirely depends on how capable the people handling it are. Every story or twist you've ever read or experienced has been a retread of something that came before it, for the most part. This is coming from someone who really does not want to see Joel dead. Yeah, just like every other stupid theory redditors make up and think they're genius for Not at all. Its a pretty common and powerful plot device. It was used pretty well in the walking dead with Ricks phone call I've also seen a theory that Ellie has a kid and the fireflies kidnap it for the cure. I'd much rather it be that then the "Ghost Joel" theory. Really don't like that idea. She's like 19 and she already has a kid? Who's the father? Don't like either option presented but dead-Joel would be a little bit better to me than teen-revenge-mom Ellie. Ellie's into chicks tho dude To my mind Ellie will always be gay. Ellie has a kid from Joel. Nice idea https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Pedobear.png edit: It was a sarcastic comment ffs This is a shit theory Which could be why we didn't see his face. He was just an angel or a figment of her imagination. I don't think that's the case tbh. I think the story and setting is too grounded in reality to have a Dexter/Harry Morgan visions thing going on. I think it'd undermine Ellie's character to depend on Joel so much that she literally cannot live without him by her side. Especially since the whole theme of the first game is moving on. This is very bittersweet, as I think a PTSD ridden Ellie would make for an EXCELLENT protagonist.. But at the same time Joel dying would not only be soul crushing, but it also means we would not get the see the interaction between Ellie and Joel when Ellie finds out the truth of the ending of the first game.. We might even receive some weird Ellie talking to her imaginary Joel from her visons about it, and that would not give Ellie nor us as players closure on that arc. Either that, or Joel IS alive and her objective is to kill him as revenge for something.... The way he walked into the house though looked like he was alive, usually in those scenarios they just pop up if they're a ghost but than again maybe that'd be too obvious I'm thinking kind of like Fight Club or Scrubs with Dr. Cox's buddy, stuff like that - the mind makes the scenario fit. You never see them arrive, but your brain patches that part of the narrative. You know what I mean? Yeah, people are reading way too much into a short trailer. That makes alot of sense. This is Joel we're talking about. If he thinks Ellie is about to do something stupid he wouldn't just ask her "You really wanna go through this?" He'd just kidnap her and stick her in a basement somewhere. So the trailer implies to me that Joel can't actually stop her. Maybe because he's just Ellie's imagination. Damnit Reddit, I just went through this with you people with Westworld... Im pretty sure Troy Baker said the trailer wasn't canon on the panel Damn, that reminds me of bioshock infinite burial at sea, good old radio Booker. Hallucination maybe. I'm betting Joel's going to be like an imaginary friend in this game. She'll talk to him, ask for advice, and he'll offer words of comfort and direction (ex: being chased by an enemy, he'll tell you to "hide here" or "go this way") until the big reveal that he's been dead for a year. In order to prevent this from happening, we have to blast it all over reddit so that the writers will see this and change the ending. Kinda like in Dexter? Huh. I think i like the sound of that. Wasn't that a CoD game plot? Maybe its a result of not doing anything about the stuff growing all over her head. Similar to BATMAN SPOILER: how Joker in Arkham Knight follows batman around? I'd like that. I was upset about his possible death at first but this seems rad tbh If he's dead I suspect, and hope, that they'll just state it outright. The ghost still appears but he's not meant to be a M. Shyamalan twist, instead his meant to be a projection of Ellie's conscience and internal conflict. Since Ellie would be alone there wouldn't be much of a story to tell otherwise. Pls let me dream ;-; You'll must likely have dream sequences where he is in it, yes. His line to her in the trailer is interesting - "what are you doing, kiddo?" Either they've been separated for a period of time or he is not really there and it's a projection of her own conscience, which is how I interpreted it. Not necessarily... she could've just ran off and went through with it and he followed her. Maybe she found out what they wanted to do to her or somethinf like that. Ghosts and hallucinations and dreams are very real to the people experiencing them, in reality and in video games. ;) we never really see his face IIRC and he comes out of a white light. Strong drugs can kill the feels... but also make a young woman hallucinate. Ooh man I can already feel the tears flowing.. No game before or since has hit me in the "Oh shit... didn't expect that" sadness feels like Joel's Daughter getting killed. I don't know how their gonna top that one. I can already remember the feeling I had during the last stage. People often complain how we are so loaded down like a tank it's not fair. But after going through that and having a full arsenal made it that much better. I burned used every fucking bomb I had just on single enemies. Damn phantom onion cutters! The trailer doesn't really give that away because you can see him step over things, he's holding a gun, he's making noise etc. But at the same time we never see his face and to me the biggest argument that he's dead is: what the hell else would get Ellie so riled up she's going to start hunting down people. The theory isn't that he's a ghost, but a product of Ellie's mind. What else would get Ellie so Riley'd up Heh Also, in TLoU he has a few grey hairs but in the Part II trailer his hair is completely brown. Isn't she perhaps pregnant in another screenshot? Could her baby had been killed? Or perhaps she is mad about how she became pregnant. Honestly this would be my favorite way to handle the ending of Last of Us. Ellie doesn't know what Joel did and thinks the fireflies are assholes for killing him prior to Part 2 And the truth gets revealed and she has to come to terms with everything and then has to make a real choice. I really hope they don't gloss over the fact that Joel killed a fuckton of innocent people and went against what Ellie wished for just to portray Joel as some super good guy or a martyr by killing him off and making it a revenge thing. I really hope their relationship will be deeper and much more filled with tension. Would be reasonable seeming as he also lied too her Revenge is a personal thing. She saw all the things he did, all the people he killed. It wouldn't have any effect on how painful his death would be to her. As for the ending of the first game, I could see that being a pretty great reveal, coming to her after she's already killed a number of fireflies in revenge, realizing that her mentor and father figure had lied to her about something so fucking huge. Ellie knew Joel was lying to her at the end though. She didn't care because she knew in that moment that he truly cared about her. I think it makes it pretty clear all the way through the entire game that Joel isn't a good person and his reasons for saving Ellie aren't anything to do with his moral compass - he's found an anchor to this new world in Ellie and he'll do anything he can to protect that. "He may have been a murdering asshole bastard... but he was MY murdering asshole bastard." Yes, thank you. Naughty Dog is known for good writing, and this fan theory people are talking about is trash writing. Joel being a ghost? You know what an insane cop-out that is to include one of the two main characters as a ghost? Naughty Dog is not that dumb. I want Joel alive and Ellie alive so we can witness their deeper relationship. For the love of God, that's the entire point of That Last Of Us. The first game was all about the father-daughter relationship slowly blooming in the trashed world. It was incredible. That's really cheesy. I'd hate that "Cheese" depends entirely on how something is portrayed, or written. No idea is "cheese-y" in and of itself, it entirely depends on how capable the people handling it are. Every story or twist you've ever read or experienced has been a retread of something that came before it, for the most part. This is coming from someone who really does not want to see Joel dead. Yeah, just like every other stupid theory redditors make up and think they're genius for Not at all. Its a pretty common and powerful plot device. It was used pretty well in the walking dead with Ricks phone call I've also seen a theory that Ellie has a kid and the fireflies kidnap it for the cure. I'd much rather it be that then the "Ghost Joel" theory. Really don't like that idea. She's like 19 and she already has a kid? Who's the father? Don't like either option presented but dead-Joel would be a little bit better to me than teen-revenge-mom Ellie. Ellie's into chicks tho dude To my mind Ellie will always be gay. Ellie has a kid from Joel. Nice idea https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Pedobear.png edit: It was a sarcastic comment ffs This is a shit theory Which could be why we didn't see his face. He was just an angel or a figment of her imagination. I don't think that's the case tbh. I think the story and setting is too grounded in reality to have a Dexter/Harry Morgan visions thing going on. I think it'd undermine Ellie's character to depend on Joel so much that she literally cannot live without him by her side. Especially since the whole theme of the first game is moving on. This is very bittersweet, as I think a PTSD ridden Ellie would make for an EXCELLENT protagonist.. But at the same time Joel dying would not only be soul crushing, but it also means we would not get the see the interaction between Ellie and Joel when Ellie finds out the truth of the ending of the first game.. We might even receive some weird Ellie talking to her imaginary Joel from her visons about it, and that would not give Ellie nor us as players closure on that arc. Either that, or Joel IS alive and her objective is to kill him as revenge for something.... The way he walked into the house though looked like he was alive, usually in those scenarios they just pop up if they're a ghost but than again maybe that'd be too obvious I'm thinking kind of like Fight Club or Scrubs with Dr. Cox's buddy, stuff like that - the mind makes the scenario fit. You never see them arrive, but your brain patches that part of the narrative. You know what I mean? Yeah, people are reading way too much into a short trailer. That makes alot of sense. This is Joel we're talking about. If he thinks Ellie is about to do something stupid he wouldn't just ask her "You really wanna go through this?" He'd just kidnap her and stick her in a basement somewhere. So the trailer implies to me that Joel can't actually stop her. Maybe because he's just Ellie's imagination. Damnit Reddit, I just went through this with you people with Westworld... Im pretty sure Troy Baker said the trailer wasn't canon on the panel Damn, that reminds me of bioshock infinite burial at sea, good old radio Booker. No game before or since has hit me in the "Oh shit... didn't expect that" sadness feels like Joel's Daughter getting killed. I don't know how their gonna top that one. I can already remember the feeling I had during the last stage. People often complain how we are so loaded down like a tank it's not fair. But after going through that and having a full arsenal made it that much better. I burned used every fucking bomb I had just on single enemies. Damn phantom onion cutters! The theory isn't that he's a ghost, but a product of Ellie's mind. What else would get Ellie so Riley'd up Heh Also, in TLoU he has a few grey hairs but in the Part II trailer his hair is completely brown. Isn't she perhaps pregnant in another screenshot? Could her baby had been killed? Or perhaps she is mad about how she became pregnant. Revenge is a personal thing. She saw all the things he did, all the people he killed. It wouldn't have any effect on how painful his death would be to her. As for the ending of the first game, I could see that being a pretty great reveal, coming to her after she's already killed a number of fireflies in revenge, realizing that her mentor and father figure had lied to her about something so fucking huge. Ellie knew Joel was lying to her at the end though. She didn't care because she knew in that moment that he truly cared about her. I think it makes it pretty clear all the way through the entire game that Joel isn't a good person and his reasons for saving Ellie aren't anything to do with his moral compass - he's found an anchor to this new world in Ellie and he'll do anything he can to protect that. "He may have been a murdering asshole bastard... but he was MY murdering asshole bastard." Yes, thank you. Naughty Dog is known for good writing, and this fan theory people are talking about is trash writing. Joel being a ghost? You know what an insane cop-out that is to include one of the two main characters as a ghost? Naughty Dog is not that dumb. I want Joel alive and Ellie alive so we can witness their deeper relationship. For the love of God, that's the entire point of That Last Of Us. The first game was all about the father-daughter relationship slowly blooming in the trashed world. It was incredible. "Cheese" depends entirely on how something is portrayed, or written. No idea is "cheese-y" in and of itself, it entirely depends on how capable the people handling it are. Every story or twist you've ever read or experienced has been a retread of something that came before it, for the most part. This is coming from someone who really does not want to see Joel dead. Yeah, just like every other stupid theory redditors make up and think they're genius for Not at all. Its a pretty common and powerful plot device. It was used pretty well in the walking dead with Ricks phone call She's like 19 and she already has a kid? Who's the father? Don't like either option presented but dead-Joel would be a little bit better to me than teen-revenge-mom Ellie. Ellie's into chicks tho dude To my mind Ellie will always be gay. Ellie has a kid from Joel. Nice idea https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Pedobear.png edit: It was a sarcastic comment ffs I'm thinking kind of like Fight Club or Scrubs with Dr. Cox's buddy, stuff like that - the mind makes the scenario fit. You never see them arrive, but your brain patches that part of the narrative. You know what I mean? I'm betting Joel's going to be like an imaginary friend in this game. She'll talk to him, ask for advice, and he'll offer words of comfort and direction (ex: being chased by an enemy, he'll tell you to "hide here" or "go this way") until the big reveal that he's been dead for a year. In order to prevent this from happening, we have to blast it all over reddit so that the writers will see this and change the ending. Kinda like in Dexter? Huh. I think i like the sound of that. Wasn't that a CoD game plot? Maybe its a result of not doing anything about the stuff growing all over her head. Similar to BATMAN SPOILER: how Joker in Arkham Knight follows batman around? I'd like that. I was upset about his possible death at first but this seems rad tbh If he's dead I suspect, and hope, that they'll just state it outright. The ghost still appears but he's not meant to be a M. Shyamalan twist, instead his meant to be a projection of Ellie's conscience and internal conflict. Since Ellie would be alone there wouldn't be much of a story to tell otherwise. Pls let me dream ;-; You'll must likely have dream sequences where he is in it, yes. In order to prevent this from happening, we have to blast it all over reddit so that the writers will see this and change the ending. Kinda like in Dexter? Huh. I think i like the sound of that. Wasn't that a CoD game plot? Maybe its a result of not doing anything about the stuff growing all over her head. Similar to BATMAN SPOILER: how Joker in Arkham Knight follows batman around? I'd like that. I was upset about his possible death at first but this seems rad tbh If he's dead I suspect, and hope, that they'll just state it outright. The ghost still appears but he's not meant to be a M. Shyamalan twist, instead his meant to be a projection of Ellie's conscience and internal conflict. Since Ellie would be alone there wouldn't be much of a story to tell otherwise. You'll must likely have dream sequences where he is in it, yes. Not necessarily... she could've just ran off and went through with it and he followed her. Maybe she found out what they wanted to do to her or somethinf like that. Spoiler alert, her look at the end of part 1: she knows. To then play it like she had no clue would turn the character into an idiot. She already knows. There was an offical stage play type thing about them mending their relationship after the first game due to her knowing what he did. It's a little grey on whether that's canon or not. Troy Baker (Joel) denied that it was and Druckmann gave a "well..." in response to Baker' denial. Link? It's a little grey on whether that's canon or not. Troy Baker (Joel) denied that it was and Druckmann gave a "well..." in response to Baker' denial. Link? Some say he's dead considering how he shows up with no evidence of fighting when clearly Ellie had been. As well as how he says the line he does. Well he could have gone somewhere and come back afterthe fighting was done. It looked to me like Ellie had gone out and killed a bunch of people and Joel tracked her down. I personally really hope the theory is wrong and Joel isn't dead but as long as Naughty Dog does it properly I'll get over it. It sounds like Neil, Ashley, and Troy have a real love for these characters so I'm going to try to trust in whatever decision they make in regards to this. If I recall she looks dirty and bloodied while Joel looks relatively clean...at least from our angle. It looked to me like Ellie had gone out and killed a bunch of people and Joel tracked her down. I personally really hope the theory is wrong and Joel isn't dead but as long as Naughty Dog does it properly I'll get over it. It sounds like Neil, Ashley, and Troy have a real love for these characters so I'm going to try to trust in whatever decision they make in regards to this. Followed by WINTER Run little rabbit, RUN I dunno why, but this comment gave me goosebumps in some weird nostalgic flashback-y way. That chapter was so bleak. Run little rabbit, RUN I dunno why, but this comment gave me goosebumps in some weird nostalgic flashback-y way. That chapter was so bleak. for me it was fun because it was only a small part. Like playing as Ashley Graham in RE4. The part where you kill the cannibal guy as Ellie is probably the most challenging part of the game. Only thing that felt like a boss fight. I seriously hated it tbh. Pain in the ass cause I wasn't too great at stealth. Would have been hilarious if they'd let you keep her "plot stealth" that allowed her to be out in the open but still unnoticed. The DLC where you play as her is rad as fuck too! Like playing as Ashley Graham in RE4. Would have been hilarious if they'd let you keep her "plot stealth" that allowed her to be out in the open but still unnoticed. I just kept yelling "Hey asshole, why can't you carry more than 6 bullets?" I just liked playing as a character with my given name for once. When Ellie asked for help, she was asking me. its only 6 years later... He's old in the first one. He was over 30 when his daughter died. That would put him close to 50 if not a little beyond by the first game. Almost 55-60 here. That's old to be running around and fighting 30 year olds. look at the wiki he is 48 during TLOU So everything I said is approximately accurate. Almost 50 and almost 55-60 sure sounds close to 48 and 54 in my opinion. He's old in the first one. He was over 30 when his daughter died. That would put him close to 50 if not a little beyond by the first game. Almost 55-60 here. That's old to be running around and fighting 30 year olds. look at the wiki he is 48 during TLOU So everything I said is approximately accurate. Almost 50 and almost 55-60 sure sounds close to 48 and 54 in my opinion. look at the wiki he is 48 during TLOU So everything I said is approximately accurate. Almost 50 and almost 55-60 sure sounds close to 48 and 54 in my opinion. So everything I said is approximately accurate. Almost 50 and almost 55-60 sure sounds close to 48 and 54 in my opinion. late 50 early 60. EDIT: i checked he would be 54-55 not that old it was at TLOU PII panel was it not? Yep, believe so Yep, believe so It's not a basic survival skill in the US. I know other countries have mandatory swimming classes during grade school but the US does not. So there will indeed be people who can hunt, shoot, and stitch but not swim. Crazy to me that any parents wouldn't teach their kids to swim. Also crazier that all kids aren't taught by default Crazy to me that any parents wouldn't teach their kids to swim. Also crazier that all kids aren't taught by default Needs more JoelPEG Im actually genuinely confused as to how this looks so shitty. did op screen record this from some shitty 240p TV or something? I mean I forget that the ps3 is old enough to have had standard component hookups with the standard ps video output cable. It looks like it has a shitty instagram filter on a picture taken with a potato. that might make sense. the textures on those cars look way worse than that game should look even at "standard definition" quality. Yeah wtf, these graphics are trash boat There seems to be a trend of really low-quality screenshots lately. And I don't just mean compression artefacts. The lighting, the low-res textures, low-poly models, low-effort foliage. I swear this game didn't look this shitty. This is beyond potato. This is lemon-battery powering a defibrillator shocking the heart of a ventricular fibrillating asthmatic mouse whose EKG and breaths are interpreted, poorly, as levels that represent brightness and contrast, respectively, then processed by a broken Zotac GPU missing its cooling fan and forgotten in a running microwave then transmitted to a VHF transmitter over a 200-foot VGA cable and received by a pair of misaligned bunny ears connected at one pole only to a forgotten RCA CRT TV with fake wood panelling then viewed through the frosted glass of the closed armoire doors in a brightly-lit room by an octogenarian who really isn't interested and still believes that television is just a fad that is destined to die off and be replaced by Dan Brown novels. Edit: ouch. Elaborate Edit: obligatory thanks for first gold. Edit #2: 😂 the /r/lounge sub is a joke, I didn't think I could be disappointed when I had no expectations. This is my favorite comment I've seen get gold in a long time for some reason. not as funny as this comment /blush awww thanks man No: Thank you, u/patmandu http://i.imgur.com/Muh7YYP.jpg Maybe because gold is stupid and reddit sucks. Love how the reply gets gilded instead of the trying-too-hard comment above. Pretty sure that he typed more characters than the image has pixels. Edit #2: 😂 the /r/lounge sub is a joke, I didn't think I could be disappointed when I had no expectations. When you get 100k karma you can join /r/centuryclub. It is better. New life aspirations acquired 1300 karma in 3 years see you in 2246 Yeah. I've been there. Never really sure what it was supposed to be. Man, I want gold just so I could go in and be disappointed with you. Trying a little too hard there Maybe there's something wrong with me, but I laughed to tears reading that. I love it. Needs a diagram though. Really? You laughed so hard at that you cried? Water came out of your eyes? I have a very visual mind. When people explain things to me or when I read something, I literally "see" it in my head. So yeah, I laughed pretty hard. My first Reddit "laugh till I cry" moment was with a try hard comment like the parent one. Comment after comment of people describing redneck douche-bags with "truck nut hanging, tap-out shirt wearing..", stuff like that. I can't find it anymore. Ok. Solid new /r/copypasta stuff right here. There seems to be a trend of really low-quality screenshots lately. And I don't just mean compression artefacts. The lighting, the low-res textures, low-poly models, low-effort foliage. I swear this game didn't look this shitty. This is beyond potato. This is lemon-battery powering a defibrillator shocking the heart of a ventricular fibrillating asthmatic mouse whose EKG and breaths are interpreted, poorly, as levels that represent brightness and contrast, respectively, then processed by a broken Zotac GPU missing its cooling fan and forgotten in a running microwave then transmitted to a VHF transmitter over a 200-foot VGA cable and received by a pair of misaligned bunny ears connected at one pole only to a forgotten RCA CRT TV with fake wood panelling then viewed through the frosted glass of the closed armoire doors in a brightly-lit room by an octogenarian who really isn't interested and still believes that television is just a fad that is destined to die off and be replaced by Dan Brown novels. Holy shit that was detailed... unlike this screenshot I really hope the game doesn't look this bad, I swear I remembering it looking phenomenal Xbox is sweating posts jpg tell us how you really feel I feel like people on Reddit take things too seriously. There's a not-insignificant number of comments about "trying too hard". Garner criticisms of "trying too hard" and thesaurus hunting because the comment contained a six-syllable word? You seem to get it. It's just another rendition of a comedy trope. It doesn't claim to be poetry or Shakespeare. But that's enough about me. How are you? Yeah, and for the NES as well. It looks like it has a shitty instagram filter on a picture taken with a potato. that might make sense. the textures on those cars look way worse than that game should look even at "standard definition" quality. Yeah wtf, these graphics are trash boat that might make sense. the textures on those cars look way worse than that game should look even at "standard definition" quality. Elaborate Edit: obligatory thanks for first gold. Edit #2: 😂 the /r/lounge sub is a joke, I didn't think I could be disappointed when I had no expectations. This is my favorite comment I've seen get gold in a long time for some reason. not as funny as this comment /blush awww thanks man No: Thank you, u/patmandu http://i.imgur.com/Muh7YYP.jpg Maybe because gold is stupid and reddit sucks. Love how the reply gets gilded instead of the trying-too-hard comment above. Pretty sure that he typed more characters than the image has pixels. Edit #2: 😂 the /r/lounge sub is a joke, I didn't think I could be disappointed when I had no expectations. When you get 100k karma you can join /r/centuryclub. It is better. New life aspirations acquired 1300 karma in 3 years see you in 2246 Yeah. I've been there. Never really sure what it was supposed to be. Man, I want gold just so I could go in and be disappointed with you. Trying a little too hard there Maybe there's something wrong with me, but I laughed to tears reading that. I love it. Needs a diagram though. Really? You laughed so hard at that you cried? Water came out of your eyes? I have a very visual mind. When people explain things to me or when I read something, I literally "see" it in my head. So yeah, I laughed pretty hard. My first Reddit "laugh till I cry" moment was with a try hard comment like the parent one. Comment after comment of people describing redneck douche-bags with "truck nut hanging, tap-out shirt wearing..", stuff like that. I can't find it anymore. Ok. Solid new /r/copypasta stuff right here. There seems to be a trend of really low-quality screenshots lately. And I don't just mean compression artefacts. The lighting, the low-res textures, low-poly models, low-effort foliage. I swear this game didn't look this shitty. This is beyond potato. This is lemon-battery powering a defibrillator shocking the heart of a ventricular fibrillating asthmatic mouse whose EKG and breaths are interpreted, poorly, as levels that represent brightness and contrast, respectively, then processed by a broken Zotac GPU missing its cooling fan and forgotten in a running microwave then transmitted to a VHF transmitter over a 200-foot VGA cable and received by a pair of misaligned bunny ears connected at one pole only to a forgotten RCA CRT TV with fake wood panelling then viewed through the frosted glass of the closed armoire doors in a brightly-lit room by an octogenarian who really isn't interested and still believes that television is just a fad that is destined to die off and be replaced by Dan Brown novels. Holy shit that was detailed... unlike this screenshot I really hope the game doesn't look this bad, I swear I remembering it looking phenomenal Xbox is sweating posts jpg tell us how you really feel I feel like people on Reddit take things too seriously. There's a not-insignificant number of comments about "trying too hard". Garner criticisms of "trying too hard" and thesaurus hunting because the comment contained a six-syllable word? You seem to get it. It's just another rendition of a comedy trope. It doesn't claim to be poetry or Shakespeare. But that's enough about me. How are you? This is my favorite comment I've seen get gold in a long time for some reason. not as funny as this comment /blush awww thanks man No: Thank you, u/patmandu http://i.imgur.com/Muh7YYP.jpg Maybe because gold is stupid and reddit sucks. Love how the reply gets gilded instead of the trying-too-hard comment above. Pretty sure that he typed more characters than the image has pixels. Edit #2: 😂 the /r/lounge sub is a joke, I didn't think I could be disappointed when I had no expectations. When you get 100k karma you can join /r/centuryclub. It is better. New life aspirations acquired 1300 karma in 3 years see you in 2246 Yeah. I've been there. Never really sure what it was supposed to be. Man, I want gold just so I could go in and be disappointed with you. not as funny as this comment /blush awww thanks man No: Thank you, u/patmandu http://i.imgur.com/Muh7YYP.jpg Maybe because gold is stupid and reddit sucks. /blush awww thanks man No: Thank you, u/patmandu http://i.imgur.com/Muh7YYP.jpg awww thanks man No: Thank you, u/patmandu http://i.imgur.com/Muh7YYP.jpg No: Thank you, u/patmandu http://i.imgur.com/Muh7YYP.jpg http://i.imgur.com/Muh7YYP.jpg New life aspirations acquired 1300 karma in 3 years see you in 2246 1300 karma in 3 years see you in 2246 Maybe there's something wrong with me, but I laughed to tears reading that. I love it. Needs a diagram though. Really? You laughed so hard at that you cried? Water came out of your eyes? I have a very visual mind. When people explain things to me or when I read something, I literally "see" it in my head. So yeah, I laughed pretty hard. My first Reddit "laugh till I cry" moment was with a try hard comment like the parent one. Comment after comment of people describing redneck douche-bags with "truck nut hanging, tap-out shirt wearing..", stuff like that. I can't find it anymore. Ok. I love it. Needs a diagram though. Really? You laughed so hard at that you cried? Water came out of your eyes? I have a very visual mind. When people explain things to me or when I read something, I literally "see" it in my head. So yeah, I laughed pretty hard. My first Reddit "laugh till I cry" moment was with a try hard comment like the parent one. Comment after comment of people describing redneck douche-bags with "truck nut hanging, tap-out shirt wearing..", stuff like that. I can't find it anymore. I have a very visual mind. When people explain things to me or when I read something, I literally "see" it in my head. So yeah, I laughed pretty hard. There seems to be a trend of really low-quality screenshots lately. And I don't just mean compression artefacts. The lighting, the low-res textures, low-poly models, low-effort foliage. I swear this game didn't look this shitty. This is beyond potato. This is lemon-battery powering a defibrillator shocking the heart of a ventricular fibrillating asthmatic mouse whose EKG and breaths are interpreted, poorly, as levels that represent brightness and contrast, respectively, then processed by a broken Zotac GPU missing its cooling fan and forgotten in a running microwave then transmitted to a VHF transmitter over a 200-foot VGA cable and received by a pair of misaligned bunny ears connected at one pole only to a forgotten RCA CRT TV with fake wood panelling then viewed through the frosted glass of the closed armoire doors in a brightly-lit room by an octogenarian who really isn't interested and still believes that television is just a fad that is destined to die off and be replaced by Dan Brown novels. I feel like people on Reddit take things too seriously. There's a not-insignificant number of comments about "trying too hard". Garner criticisms of "trying too hard" and thesaurus hunting because the comment contained a six-syllable word? You seem to get it. It's just another rendition of a comedy trope. It doesn't claim to be poetry or Shakespeare. But that's enough about me. How are you? What's that meme about guitars and wonderwall? I'm not sure it's still relevant. Anyway, it's here: https://www.knowingyourmeme.com/s?q=Wonderwall+Guitar/ Saw the XcQ, clicked it anyways.... What has this site done to me XcQ For those who don't know, XcQ is the last few letters of the Rick Roll youtube url. Here's a quick rundown of all of the other known troll links http://www.latlmes.com/world/how-to-never-get-rick-rolled-again-1 I FUCKING LOVE THE INTERNET https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-title-adder/ddpephnhacfpgcemhioaejgenlgadnnh?utm_source=chrome-app-launcher-info-dialog As handy as that extension looks, I'm actually a little disappointed that your link wasn't another rickroll That was indeed incredibly disappointing :( You're a goddamn genius I clicked it and regretted right away, thinking it might just be the common second Rick Roll. The page loaded for a second and I thought I was wrong, but the music started and for some reason I was happy about it. Thank you for that roller coaster of emotions. On mobile it just lunches the YouTube app lol So you never know what you're getting yourself into Well, I guess I'm immune. You mean there is a country free of being Rick Roll'd? Where is this magical place? Narnia? Wonderwall is the song every guy playing guitar on the grass in the middle of a college campus knows. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibAmiaSfKVE I just found this dude the other day on YT. Neat to see him here. Dude actually has some talent. I'm not sure it's still relevant. Anyway, it's here: https://www.knowingyourmeme.com/s?q=Wonderwall+Guitar/ Saw the XcQ, clicked it anyways.... What has this site done to me XcQ For those who don't know, XcQ is the last few letters of the Rick Roll youtube url. Here's a quick rundown of all of the other known troll links http://www.latlmes.com/world/how-to-never-get-rick-rolled-again-1 I FUCKING LOVE THE INTERNET https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-title-adder/ddpephnhacfpgcemhioaejgenlgadnnh?utm_source=chrome-app-launcher-info-dialog As handy as that extension looks, I'm actually a little disappointed that your link wasn't another rickroll That was indeed incredibly disappointing :( You're a goddamn genius I clicked it and regretted right away, thinking it might just be the common second Rick Roll. The page loaded for a second and I thought I was wrong, but the music started and for some reason I was happy about it. Thank you for that roller coaster of emotions. On mobile it just lunches the YouTube app lol So you never know what you're getting yourself into Well, I guess I'm immune. You mean there is a country free of being Rick Roll'd? Where is this magical place? Narnia? Wonderwall is the song every guy playing guitar on the grass in the middle of a college campus knows. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibAmiaSfKVE I just found this dude the other day on YT. Neat to see him here. Dude actually has some talent. Saw the XcQ, clicked it anyways.... What has this site done to me XcQ For those who don't know, XcQ is the last few letters of the Rick Roll youtube url. Here's a quick rundown of all of the other known troll links http://www.latlmes.com/world/how-to-never-get-rick-rolled-again-1 I FUCKING LOVE THE INTERNET https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-title-adder/ddpephnhacfpgcemhioaejgenlgadnnh?utm_source=chrome-app-launcher-info-dialog As handy as that extension looks, I'm actually a little disappointed that your link wasn't another rickroll That was indeed incredibly disappointing :( You're a goddamn genius I clicked it and regretted right away, thinking it might just be the common second Rick Roll. The page loaded for a second and I thought I was wrong, but the music started and for some reason I was happy about it. Thank you for that roller coaster of emotions. On mobile it just lunches the YouTube app lol So you never know what you're getting yourself into Well, I guess I'm immune. You mean there is a country free of being Rick Roll'd? Where is this magical place? Narnia? XcQ For those who don't know, XcQ is the last few letters of the Rick Roll youtube url. Here's a quick rundown of all of the other known troll links http://www.latlmes.com/world/how-to-never-get-rick-rolled-again-1 I FUCKING LOVE THE INTERNET https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-title-adder/ddpephnhacfpgcemhioaejgenlgadnnh?utm_source=chrome-app-launcher-info-dialog As handy as that extension looks, I'm actually a little disappointed that your link wasn't another rickroll That was indeed incredibly disappointing :( You're a goddamn genius I clicked it and regretted right away, thinking it might just be the common second Rick Roll. The page loaded for a second and I thought I was wrong, but the music started and for some reason I was happy about it. Thank you for that roller coaster of emotions. On mobile it just lunches the YouTube app lol So you never know what you're getting yourself into I FUCKING LOVE THE INTERNET https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-title-adder/ddpephnhacfpgcemhioaejgenlgadnnh?utm_source=chrome-app-launcher-info-dialog As handy as that extension looks, I'm actually a little disappointed that your link wasn't another rickroll That was indeed incredibly disappointing :( You're a goddamn genius I clicked it and regretted right away, thinking it might just be the common second Rick Roll. The page loaded for a second and I thought I was wrong, but the music started and for some reason I was happy about it. Thank you for that roller coaster of emotions. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-title-adder/ddpephnhacfpgcemhioaejgenlgadnnh?utm_source=chrome-app-launcher-info-dialog As handy as that extension looks, I'm actually a little disappointed that your link wasn't another rickroll That was indeed incredibly disappointing :( As handy as that extension looks, I'm actually a little disappointed that your link wasn't another rickroll That was indeed incredibly disappointing :( That was indeed incredibly disappointing :( You mean there is a country free of being Rick Roll'd? Where is this magical place? Narnia? I just found this dude the other day on YT. Neat to see him here. Dude actually has some talent. "Yeah, I think you'd like that you fucking retard" FTFY Holy shit man! This past week after the announcement of the new game has brought back so much nostalgia for this game. Man it definitely had the best dialogue of any game I've ever played. Right in the ducking feels. The little optional dialogues hammered in the notion that these were actual people with real personalities. Some of them were funny as hell, some were just really sad or, i dunno.. they made you think. The little optional dialogues hammered in the notion that these were actual people with real personalities. Some of them were funny as hell, some were just really sad or, i dunno.. they made you think. Because he showed her how to finger A Minor Edit: Thank you for thy gold!! While using a G String. My first time giving gold...ever. That was really genius It was me who gave gold man! Sorry, but it was me. You're all wrong! It was me! Dio! Fucking lol goddamnit I just bursted out in laughter at work. This is a high quality pun. Damn how have I never heard this. Definitely beats the "thumb a mean G string" I'm used to Bravo. Spoiler. Or something. Which isn't really very useful: spoiler for which game? The Last of Us: Part 2. Thanks, but what I meant was that the tag only works if people know which game. Only by viewing the spoiler can you tell if it's a game that you want to avoid spoilers for. exactly. i just started playing this game. fuck this half ass warning. obviously it doesn't matter lol but the spoiler definitely doesn't work...unless you're supposed to assume that no matter what something you're involved in is about to be spoiled. It's spoilers for the fact that Ellie lives through TLOU part 1, which for a good chunk of the story it looks like she will not. Promise? that is the worst attempted spoiler tag... i'm willing to bet that the majority of people will be more likely to click a link with NSFW on it, and very few will realize it's actually a spoiler warning before even opening the link. It's NSFL. Too many feels While using a G String. My first time giving gold...ever. That was really genius It was me who gave gold man! Sorry, but it was me. You're all wrong! It was me! Dio! Fucking lol goddamnit I just bursted out in laughter at work. This is a high quality pun. Damn how have I never heard this. Definitely beats the "thumb a mean G string" I'm used to Bravo. It was me who gave gold man! Sorry, but it was me. You're all wrong! It was me! Dio! Sorry, but it was me. You're all wrong! It was me! Dio! You're all wrong! It was me! Dio! Which isn't really very useful: spoiler for which game? The Last of Us: Part 2. Thanks, but what I meant was that the tag only works if people know which game. Only by viewing the spoiler can you tell if it's a game that you want to avoid spoilers for. exactly. i just started playing this game. fuck this half ass warning. obviously it doesn't matter lol but the spoiler definitely doesn't work...unless you're supposed to assume that no matter what something you're involved in is about to be spoiled. It's spoilers for the fact that Ellie lives through TLOU part 1, which for a good chunk of the story it looks like she will not. Promise? that is the worst attempted spoiler tag... i'm willing to bet that the majority of people will be more likely to click a link with NSFW on it, and very few will realize it's actually a spoiler warning before even opening the link. The Last of Us: Part 2. Thanks, but what I meant was that the tag only works if people know which game. Only by viewing the spoiler can you tell if it's a game that you want to avoid spoilers for. exactly. i just started playing this game. fuck this half ass warning. obviously it doesn't matter lol but the spoiler definitely doesn't work...unless you're supposed to assume that no matter what something you're involved in is about to be spoiled. It's spoilers for the fact that Ellie lives through TLOU part 1, which for a good chunk of the story it looks like she will not. Promise? Thanks, but what I meant was that the tag only works if people know which game. Only by viewing the spoiler can you tell if it's a game that you want to avoid spoilers for. exactly. i just started playing this game. fuck this half ass warning. obviously it doesn't matter lol but the spoiler definitely doesn't work...unless you're supposed to assume that no matter what something you're involved in is about to be spoiled. exactly. i just started playing this game. fuck this half ass warning. obviously it doesn't matter lol but the spoiler definitely doesn't work...unless you're supposed to assume that no matter what something you're involved in is about to be spoiled. He probably is, his exact words sounded way too passive too, like he can't do anything about what Ellie is doing: what are you doing kiddo? You really gonna go through with this? If he's a ghost why does he have a gun? Maybe they're hiding some horrifc scar or something else? Why does it gotta be ghosts? This theory is fun, but i'm willing to bet it will be shelved along with Mass Effect's Indoctrination Theory and MGSV's Chico/Queit theories and other crazy nonsense Reddit thinks up and tries to will into existence. EDIT: Ghost, Hallucination, same shit in my book. I don't think Joel's dead. To this day, I choose to believe the Indoctrination theory is canon. It's honestly the only thing that makes the story make sense, and Bioware fucked up in not running with Indoctrination Theory when they were already forced to rework the ending anyway because their audience was ready to string them up in the streets. The fandom practically giftwrapped a way for them to explain away all their narrative fuckery in a cool way and they ignored it for Casey Hudson's "artistic integrity". What was the theory? So everybody who has come into contact with a reaper for any extended amount of time has become indoctrinated. Saren, Benezia, Illusive Man, etc. Well Shepard has also spent considerable amount of time around them, but never got indoctrinated? In the ending you have 3 choices; Blue, Green, Red in that order. Now all throughout the series these colors have represented Paragon (blue), neutral (green), and Renegade (red), and they have always been in that order for dialogue and QTEs. Now all along Shepard has said the reapers must be destroyed because of the threat they pose to everyone, and the Illusive Man has shown he wants to control the reapers for mankind. Now agreeing with the Illusive Man in 2 was pretty much always a renegade choice, where as paragon went against him. So when Shepard is on the crucible and he has to pick between; Control (blue) the reapers, Synthesis (green) to make everyone the same, or Destroy (red) them, in that order. So then why is Controlling and letting the reapers live the paragon choice? Even though every Paragon option has been rooted in destroying them. The reapers would of course want to live and even though Shepard's conscience is inside them there is no guarantee that it will last or won't be overwritten by reaper coding. So it stands to believe Shepard is indoctrinated because of the choices that align the the Morality system presented across the whole series. Edit: this is a simplified explanation so if I missed a key point I do apologize. Guys I came to this thread for Last of Us news don't make me feel the Mass Effect ending rage again please please please God no I just finished a draft of a paper that disxusses the ending of me3. Now it seems to be coming up everywhere D: I wouldn't have considered the ending of ME3 to be well put together enough to warrant a paper analyzing it. Is it a paper about how they dropped the fucking ball? The morality system of the series is paragon: inclusiveness Renegade: exclusiveness The blue option includes them into a new galactic order, the red one excludes them. I may be wrong, but from my memory after the conversation between the "boy" and Shepard a few things had been established about the conflict between mechanical beings like Geth and reapers and organic species, leaning towards a cycle of birth and destruction that has persisted for God knows how long. From my perspective, Shepard had or at least should have learned that blatant destruction of the reapers really isn't the right option, just a reversal of the cycle, not an end. Soon, cosmically speaking, mechanical beings would come into play once more and either destroy or be destroyed just like organics. If he or she fails to recognize this then they have failed to follow the Paragon path, of the greater good it would appear. The blue and green options offer a cesation of this cycle, which in my opinion is the less obvious but better long term option. Also, let's not forget that destruction of the reapers would be the destruction of ALL mechanical species, so the Geth that you saved and managed a peace with the quarians(assuming you were paragon) would be wiped out along with every organic with a biotic implant. That's shortsighted and obviously a Renegade move. This is my opinion anyway, I don't think the indoctrination theory really is all that great and I appear to be in the minority. That's okay though, kind of the beautiful thing about games like Mass Effect. THAT was the simplified version? Yes. I've watched a few hours of video explaining it in greater depth and showing examples from the game. It was a great theory and made me love ME3 just as much as ME2 and ME. I really think the devs liked the theory and would have used it during the rework if they wanted. I mean they said at one point Shepard wasn't alive yet we got the breath scene so yes Shepard does live we just don't know what he/she is doing now. Ok simpler version, Reapers mind control everything and you have no reason to suspect you're immune. In the final sequence you're presented with an insane dreamlike scene and a choice where all the morality colors are inverted from what was used over the past 3 games. Shepard's (and the player's) final battle is to recognize and resist Reaper control over his mind. That's it really. The game has been hand holding you for dozens of hours by carefully labeling every decision with good as blue and evil as red. The final challenge is figure out right from wrong on your own. Shedding all of the detailed lore support, the fact that they flip morality at the last and arguably most important decision of the game made the theory pretty solid. Why would they flip the whole color system on its head for only this one final decision? Felt like it just had to be an intentional choice from the developers. The final battle being subtly subversive test of your moral compass that the franchise had been preparing the player for ever since ME2 would have made for an incredibly innovative ending to cap off an impressive trilogy. It'd stand up there among the best mindfuck endings in games of all time. Better yet, it's not just a cheap surprise twist, it's an entirely fair test of the player's ability to think for themselves. People loved Bioshock 1's meta ending where they reveal Ryan's control of the character. Here in ME3 it seemed like they one upped that ending with a meta control of the actual player's mind! This ending could have been legendary as one of the best game endings anyone had ever seen The crux of the theory is that the last section of the game actually takes place in Shepard head. The tldr is that the reapers are attempting to coercively mind control you, and going with what is presented as the good option is actually giving into that mind control. I understand it. It's still silly. I'll make it simpler. The moral choices at the end seem clearly switched from what we've come to expect from tbe characters, and this is explained as the reapers altering Shepherd's perspective in order to make the "best" scenario the one in which they live. The controlling and synthesis option are Paragon because you suddenly (inexplicably) gained more power/choice in the story. If someone entered your house and wanted to kill your whole family, shooting them would probably be paragon because that would be the best possible choice. But if you got magical green/blue powers and could protect everyone without killing the invader and made sure he never hurt anyone that would be paragon, killing him is only for when you have no alternative. Yeah but the killer has killed trillions of people in home invasions in the past, so it'd honestly be pretty shitty of you to not kill him. Not really. I mean, if you're guaranteeing that he won't kill anyone else in the future, there's no reason to kill him than to feel better about it. Killing the home invader won't change anything or bring anyone back. It will only make you feel better for getting revenge. Not that it's an invalid response, I just don't think it's shitty of you not to kill him. It takes a bigger person to resist the revenge killing than it does to give in to our emotions and kill said person. The thing with this is, I didn't trust the information the reapers were giving me. To use your analogy, it would be giving up your opportunity to neutralize the invader, on the promise from the invader himself the blue / green powers would work. I further still believe this was the correct answer, because the star child tells you flat out, the red option would also kill Shepard because of the cybernetics used in bring her back to life. If you get the extended ending, we see Shepard taking a breath after the explosion. We already have proof the Reapers were lying about one thing, why not everything? Woah cheers for writing that up. This theory is definitely better than whatever canon says Reminds me of infamous, you decide to be bad and have bad guy powers only to save the world or be good and then genocide everyone. That Shepard ended up indoctrinated by the Reapers, and the whole end game choice was him trying to either break or succumb to the indoctrination Oh I envy you if you are learning it for the first time. It saved the last game for me, still cant believe they didn't go with it. I also just tend to think back and choose to believe that is what actually happened. You should just search indoctrination theory on YouTube, they are interesting to watch. I think the most helpful are about an hour long though. This is assuming you played and liked mass effect of course. u/NeroIV did a good job summing it up. But if you want to go deeper down the rabbit hole, here is the video that I watched. I actually liked the way the story was presented to me when I played if. The Crucible was already Dues Ex Machina and the theme was sacrifice so... I was expecting something along the lines of not really "defeating" the reapers, since that was impossible. I avoided the internet to avoid spoilers and was floored by the unbelievable vitriol the community spat at the development team. That said, the Indoctrination theory was so much fun when I learned about it, and I absolutely loved it. I don't see anything wrong with making that a head-canon. Take it a bit further with the Marauder Shields comic someone wrote, and it was amazing. All butthurt aside, I actually was satisfied with the extended cut of ME3 and am still looking forward to Andromeda. I think Bioware learned their lesson about listening to the fanbase, or at least promising one thing and delivering another. Whether you liked the ending of ME3 or not, Andromeda looks soooo hype. Not sure how you couldn't be excited for it. I'm excited for anything Bioware puts out, I don't even care. I mean basically it's shut up and take my wallet at this point. Did you play the Dragon Age games? I was actually disappointed by Inquisition. I didn't feel nearly as engaged as I did with Origins. Hell, I even beat Dragon Age 2 but not Inquisition. That's my favorite theory ever, and so many people hate it You probably believe Squall is dead in FF8 too, don't you? On the off chance that you do, he's not. Look up the Dev's response to that theory. Yea still calling bull shit on the dead squall theory Probably because magic actually works like it does in game, in the story. Nope. I do like the Rinoa = Ultimecia theory though. What's your take on FF8's ending? I don't actually believe in Indoctrination Theory, I just think it makes the game better if you do. Similarly, I feel the same about SquallIsDead. Of course it's not true, but the game would be better if it was. Did Kazushige Nojima ever talk about this one? I know he addressed the FF7/10 connection, but I can't find anything about him addressing this FF8 theory. There's also the magic lamp/diablos explanation to debunk it. Me too, even the extended ending still didn't feel right to me. Why does Tyler Durden need sunglasses? It's part of his character, whether real or imaginary Joel would be expected to carry a gun most of the time Edit: when people say ghost they mean in her mind not like a supernatural literal spooky ghost Edit 2: I'm not saying I believe the theory or that I want it to be true just that if it was true it makes sense since a young girl brutally killing people probably would be fucked up mentally So he's like Brad Pitt in Fight Club not like Patrick Swayze in Ghost? No dude we're saying Joel is a ghost. Patrick Swayze wasnt even in the last of us Wait, you didn't see Patrick Swayze in TLoU? Mate you missed one of the best parts of the game! Uh, no one is saying it's literally a ghost. Just her imagination while she's processing what's going on. The "ghost" is for the video gamer to watch a story. What is the indoctrination theory? HOT SPOILERS FOR MASS EFFECT 3's ENDING even if it's a 5 year old game at this point but whatever This video was made to debate the ending, hinting that Shepard was indoctrinated by the reapers. A lot (like A LOT) of people started clinging on to this theory and it turned out to be nothing. Look here. I just started playing that game, so thank you Have fun playing Me3! I HIGHLY Recommend you play Leviathan DLC during your playthrough. As someone who has never played mass effect and intends to, my thanks for the spoiler box 😊 Jesus dies! Hmmmmm not sure if trolling or not... 😜 Doubt it's ghost ghosts, maybe she's hallucinating it but I doubt we're going ghosts Also, why would she imagine him walking in from outside where she can't see or hear him? Are you incapable of imagining anything beyond your immediate surroundings? Yeah but that's just not typically how they depict hallucinations of people in games and movies Could be to make the audience first think Ellie is in danger as the person approaches, before pulling the shot back to reveal Joel. Joel isn't dead. Joel will die, but he's not dead. There's no reason to think he is dead other than the shadow. If anything, that look Ellie gives him is one of "I know what you did". Not "I'm gonna avenge you". But that's just my theory. Don't forget Darth Jar Jar, the most powerful sith Lord the galaxy has ever known 😆😂 It's very Harry Morgan from Dexter the way he looks. Completely as she remembers him, maybe a little better. A strong father figure, holding a rifle, ready to protect her. It may very well be that he knows he's too old to go with her and so he's making sure she knows he won't be taking part. I find that a little harder to believe, though. Well if he is alive he's probably pushing 60 at this point. No way he could still run around kicking ass like he did in the first game. Especially when you consider the physical toll of doing nothing but surviving, getting hit/shot/stabbed for 20 years has to take on your body. He probably couldn't stop Ellie if he tried. Old man strength. There is a gif of Santa Claus squatting 500lbs on the front page right now. Or he's become a poor-man's Wolverine. His body is riddled with metal and scar-tissue. Old Man Joel! Let's be fair, the Hulk couldn't stop Ellie is she wanted to do something. She'd just whistle and throw bricks at him repeatedly till he gave up. And the fact that we can't see his face. He almost appear like a fantomatic figure in that trailer. Obi-Joel Kenobi. I prefer Joelbi-Wan. Joel Joel Binks Or that she's 19 and he can't really tell her what to do. She's free to make her own decisions. Are you sure you want to go through with this, Dexter? Why are people jumping on this theory so quickly? Part I was too grounded (it was even the name of the game's ultimate difficulty setting) for Part II to be Ellie's Sixth Sense. Might Joel die over the course of the game? Sure. Is he going to be a full body apparition that follows her around and supports/guides her until some awful what-a-twist reveal? Honestly that feels insulting to Naughty Dog's proven quality track record. I trust Druckmann. I was thinking more of mental breakdown by ellie and starts seeing Joel where ever she goes The Last of us Beyond: Two Souls: 2 I think people are looking too much into this trailer. Do I think its possible that joel will die? Yes. I doubt he will be dead from the start but I suppose its possible. A lot of cg trailers for games are conceptual and not canon. You shut your whore mouth! I feel that not seeing Joel head on (only silhouetted) makes him feel almost detached. I'm not gonna jump to conclusions but I feel Joel's centralising protagonist position as seen in number 1 will get replaced by Ellie. that much has already been confirmed. Ellie is the main character in part 2. They confirmed that Ellie is the lead playable character while Joel is the secondary one, a reverse of the first game. But that doesn't mean he's dead. How cliche. You get to play as Joel in flashbacks where Tommy's town is getting attacked in the night by Fireflies. I understand the whole Joel is Bruce Willis theory, but why does this image specifically make you believe he is dead in II? The first game was created before II was even considered, they didn't have II planned at the time and came up with the story afterwards. You watched the announcement trailer did you? Yes, but the fact that joel's face was not shown directly, and that he walks into the house after she's been sitting there for a while, is leading a lot of people to think he died, and she's still continuing, but she's slightly delusional and hallucinates him talking to her all the time. He isn't dead. It would be a thematic departure for the series to have ghost characters and psychological illusions. The first game was very grounded in reality and Joel and Ellie were seeped in it. The whole reason they stayed alive was because they accepted the world they lived in and chose to survive alone without emotional attachments. It wouldnt be consistent with the character of Ellie to have her seeing ghosts. Yes this. I don't want him to be dead, and agree that if they do it'd take a departure into the supernatural which isn't what I'd want in TLOU. A psychotic breakdown where Ellie sees hallucinations of him would still be pretty grounded. he doesn't have to be a ghost. Hallucinating isn't supernatural though right? No one is saying he's a literal ghost. Am I the only one who noticed Joel's voice sounded very different in this new trailer than the last of us game? I think you need to replay the original. Sounds the same. Same voice actor. Doubt it, but nice theory. Characters don't die off screen. They'd need to kill him right away in part II. Yeah, but Ellie appears to be at least 3 or 4 years older in the trailer. That's a pretty big gap. They could do some sort of prologue that shows how he died and that she's been on her own ever since. She's older, sure, but that doesn't mean Joel is dead. Also it's pretty obvious Joel understands she's not a kid and can't influence her decisions. Ellie could have easily slipped away (as she's known to do) in order to kill this group that was shown, and in doing so let Joel know that she wasn't going to stop until the deed was done. I'd like to point out we have no clue who these guys are or why Ellie is super pissed off. Though she's always been pretty pissed off so that's not new. I assumed she meant the rest of the fireflies... after what they did to her at the university lab. I assume there's tons more throughout the country and she wants to kill them all. And possibly, they killed Joel shortly after the first story for rescuing her. So she wants revenge Joel's voice sounds as though he can't control what she's doing, and sounds to me like her internal moral voice bothering her as she goes on this long blood rampage by herself. what did they do to her at the lab? They wanted to find a cure and were willing to kill her to do so. We also found out that there were others immune like her that they killed trying to create a cure with no success. Besides prep to cut out her brain? Which she was ok with and wanted. If they're going to lead us to believe he's still alive even though he isn't then epilogue would work best. It would also suck if that's the last thing you see before the game is over, but man would it be powerful. They're gonna kill him in the first scene, same way the first one played out. That's a good point. It does look like he materializes out of the light from the doorway in the PSX trailer. If he's a ghost why does he have a gun? Maybe they're hiding some horrifc scar or something else? Why does it gotta be ghosts? This theory is fun, but i'm willing to bet it will be shelved along with Mass Effect's Indoctrination Theory and MGSV's Chico/Queit theories and other crazy nonsense Reddit thinks up and tries to will into existence. EDIT: Ghost, Hallucination, same shit in my book. I don't think Joel's dead. To this day, I choose to believe the Indoctrination theory is canon. It's honestly the only thing that makes the story make sense, and Bioware fucked up in not running with Indoctrination Theory when they were already forced to rework the ending anyway because their audience was ready to string them up in the streets. The fandom practically giftwrapped a way for them to explain away all their narrative fuckery in a cool way and they ignored it for Casey Hudson's "artistic integrity". What was the theory? So everybody who has come into contact with a reaper for any extended amount of time has become indoctrinated. Saren, Benezia, Illusive Man, etc. Well Shepard has also spent considerable amount of time around them, but never got indoctrinated? In the ending you have 3 choices; Blue, Green, Red in that order. Now all throughout the series these colors have represented Paragon (blue), neutral (green), and Renegade (red), and they have always been in that order for dialogue and QTEs. Now all along Shepard has said the reapers must be destroyed because of the threat they pose to everyone, and the Illusive Man has shown he wants to control the reapers for mankind. Now agreeing with the Illusive Man in 2 was pretty much always a renegade choice, where as paragon went against him. So when Shepard is on the crucible and he has to pick between; Control (blue) the reapers, Synthesis (green) to make everyone the same, or Destroy (red) them, in that order. So then why is Controlling and letting the reapers live the paragon choice? Even though every Paragon option has been rooted in destroying them. The reapers would of course want to live and even though Shepard's conscience is inside them there is no guarantee that it will last or won't be overwritten by reaper coding. So it stands to believe Shepard is indoctrinated because of the choices that align the the Morality system presented across the whole series. Edit: this is a simplified explanation so if I missed a key point I do apologize. Guys I came to this thread for Last of Us news don't make me feel the Mass Effect ending rage again please please please God no I just finished a draft of a paper that disxusses the ending of me3. Now it seems to be coming up everywhere D: I wouldn't have considered the ending of ME3 to be well put together enough to warrant a paper analyzing it. Is it a paper about how they dropped the fucking ball? The morality system of the series is paragon: inclusiveness Renegade: exclusiveness The blue option includes them into a new galactic order, the red one excludes them. I may be wrong, but from my memory after the conversation between the "boy" and Shepard a few things had been established about the conflict between mechanical beings like Geth and reapers and organic species, leaning towards a cycle of birth and destruction that has persisted for God knows how long. From my perspective, Shepard had or at least should have learned that blatant destruction of the reapers really isn't the right option, just a reversal of the cycle, not an end. Soon, cosmically speaking, mechanical beings would come into play once more and either destroy or be destroyed just like organics. If he or she fails to recognize this then they have failed to follow the Paragon path, of the greater good it would appear. The blue and green options offer a cesation of this cycle, which in my opinion is the less obvious but better long term option. Also, let's not forget that destruction of the reapers would be the destruction of ALL mechanical species, so the Geth that you saved and managed a peace with the quarians(assuming you were paragon) would be wiped out along with every organic with a biotic implant. That's shortsighted and obviously a Renegade move. This is my opinion anyway, I don't think the indoctrination theory really is all that great and I appear to be in the minority. That's okay though, kind of the beautiful thing about games like Mass Effect. THAT was the simplified version? Yes. I've watched a few hours of video explaining it in greater depth and showing examples from the game. It was a great theory and made me love ME3 just as much as ME2 and ME. I really think the devs liked the theory and would have used it during the rework if they wanted. I mean they said at one point Shepard wasn't alive yet we got the breath scene so yes Shepard does live we just don't know what he/she is doing now. Ok simpler version, Reapers mind control everything and you have no reason to suspect you're immune. In the final sequence you're presented with an insane dreamlike scene and a choice where all the morality colors are inverted from what was used over the past 3 games. Shepard's (and the player's) final battle is to recognize and resist Reaper control over his mind. That's it really. The game has been hand holding you for dozens of hours by carefully labeling every decision with good as blue and evil as red. The final challenge is figure out right from wrong on your own. Shedding all of the detailed lore support, the fact that they flip morality at the last and arguably most important decision of the game made the theory pretty solid. Why would they flip the whole color system on its head for only this one final decision? Felt like it just had to be an intentional choice from the developers. The final battle being subtly subversive test of your moral compass that the franchise had been preparing the player for ever since ME2 would have made for an incredibly innovative ending to cap off an impressive trilogy. It'd stand up there among the best mindfuck endings in games of all time. Better yet, it's not just a cheap surprise twist, it's an entirely fair test of the player's ability to think for themselves. People loved Bioshock 1's meta ending where they reveal Ryan's control of the character. Here in ME3 it seemed like they one upped that ending with a meta control of the actual player's mind! This ending could have been legendary as one of the best game endings anyone had ever seen The crux of the theory is that the last section of the game actually takes place in Shepard head. The tldr is that the reapers are attempting to coercively mind control you, and going with what is presented as the good option is actually giving into that mind control. I understand it. It's still silly. I'll make it simpler. The moral choices at the end seem clearly switched from what we've come to expect from tbe characters, and this is explained as the reapers altering Shepherd's perspective in order to make the "best" scenario the one in which they live. The controlling and synthesis option are Paragon because you suddenly (inexplicably) gained more power/choice in the story. If someone entered your house and wanted to kill your whole family, shooting them would probably be paragon because that would be the best possible choice. But if you got magical green/blue powers and could protect everyone without killing the invader and made sure he never hurt anyone that would be paragon, killing him is only for when you have no alternative. Yeah but the killer has killed trillions of people in home invasions in the past, so it'd honestly be pretty shitty of you to not kill him. Not really. I mean, if you're guaranteeing that he won't kill anyone else in the future, there's no reason to kill him than to feel better about it. Killing the home invader won't change anything or bring anyone back. It will only make you feel better for getting revenge. Not that it's an invalid response, I just don't think it's shitty of you not to kill him. It takes a bigger person to resist the revenge killing than it does to give in to our emotions and kill said person. The thing with this is, I didn't trust the information the reapers were giving me. To use your analogy, it would be giving up your opportunity to neutralize the invader, on the promise from the invader himself the blue / green powers would work. I further still believe this was the correct answer, because the star child tells you flat out, the red option would also kill Shepard because of the cybernetics used in bring her back to life. If you get the extended ending, we see Shepard taking a breath after the explosion. We already have proof the Reapers were lying about one thing, why not everything? Woah cheers for writing that up. This theory is definitely better than whatever canon says Reminds me of infamous, you decide to be bad and have bad guy powers only to save the world or be good and then genocide everyone. That Shepard ended up indoctrinated by the Reapers, and the whole end game choice was him trying to either break or succumb to the indoctrination Oh I envy you if you are learning it for the first time. It saved the last game for me, still cant believe they didn't go with it. I also just tend to think back and choose to believe that is what actually happened. You should just search indoctrination theory on YouTube, they are interesting to watch. I think the most helpful are about an hour long though. This is assuming you played and liked mass effect of course. u/NeroIV did a good job summing it up. But if you want to go deeper down the rabbit hole, here is the video that I watched. I actually liked the way the story was presented to me when I played if. The Crucible was already Dues Ex Machina and the theme was sacrifice so... I was expecting something along the lines of not really "defeating" the reapers, since that was impossible. I avoided the internet to avoid spoilers and was floored by the unbelievable vitriol the community spat at the development team. That said, the Indoctrination theory was so much fun when I learned about it, and I absolutely loved it. I don't see anything wrong with making that a head-canon. Take it a bit further with the Marauder Shields comic someone wrote, and it was amazing. All butthurt aside, I actually was satisfied with the extended cut of ME3 and am still looking forward to Andromeda. I think Bioware learned their lesson about listening to the fanbase, or at least promising one thing and delivering another. Whether you liked the ending of ME3 or not, Andromeda looks soooo hype. Not sure how you couldn't be excited for it. I'm excited for anything Bioware puts out, I don't even care. I mean basically it's shut up and take my wallet at this point. Did you play the Dragon Age games? I was actually disappointed by Inquisition. I didn't feel nearly as engaged as I did with Origins. Hell, I even beat Dragon Age 2 but not Inquisition. That's my favorite theory ever, and so many people hate it You probably believe Squall is dead in FF8 too, don't you? On the off chance that you do, he's not. Look up the Dev's response to that theory. Yea still calling bull shit on the dead squall theory Probably because magic actually works like it does in game, in the story. Nope. I do like the Rinoa = Ultimecia theory though. What's your take on FF8's ending? I don't actually believe in Indoctrination Theory, I just think it makes the game better if you do. Similarly, I feel the same about SquallIsDead. Of course it's not true, but the game would be better if it was. Did Kazushige Nojima ever talk about this one? I know he addressed the FF7/10 connection, but I can't find anything about him addressing this FF8 theory. There's also the magic lamp/diablos explanation to debunk it. Me too, even the extended ending still didn't feel right to me. Why does Tyler Durden need sunglasses? It's part of his character, whether real or imaginary Joel would be expected to carry a gun most of the time Edit: when people say ghost they mean in her mind not like a supernatural literal spooky ghost Edit 2: I'm not saying I believe the theory or that I want it to be true just that if it was true it makes sense since a young girl brutally killing people probably would be fucked up mentally So he's like Brad Pitt in Fight Club not like Patrick Swayze in Ghost? No dude we're saying Joel is a ghost. Patrick Swayze wasnt even in the last of us Wait, you didn't see Patrick Swayze in TLoU? Mate you missed one of the best parts of the game! Uh, no one is saying it's literally a ghost. Just her imagination while she's processing what's going on. The "ghost" is for the video gamer to watch a story. What is the indoctrination theory? HOT SPOILERS FOR MASS EFFECT 3's ENDING even if it's a 5 year old game at this point but whatever This video was made to debate the ending, hinting that Shepard was indoctrinated by the reapers. A lot (like A LOT) of people started clinging on to this theory and it turned out to be nothing. Look here. I just started playing that game, so thank you Have fun playing Me3! I HIGHLY Recommend you play Leviathan DLC during your playthrough. As someone who has never played mass effect and intends to, my thanks for the spoiler box 😊 Jesus dies! Hmmmmm not sure if trolling or not... 😜 Doubt it's ghost ghosts, maybe she's hallucinating it but I doubt we're going ghosts Also, why would she imagine him walking in from outside where she can't see or hear him? Are you incapable of imagining anything beyond your immediate surroundings? Yeah but that's just not typically how they depict hallucinations of people in games and movies Could be to make the audience first think Ellie is in danger as the person approaches, before pulling the shot back to reveal Joel. Joel isn't dead. Joel will die, but he's not dead. There's no reason to think he is dead other than the shadow. If anything, that look Ellie gives him is one of "I know what you did". Not "I'm gonna avenge you". But that's just my theory. Don't forget Darth Jar Jar, the most powerful sith Lord the galaxy has ever known 😆😂 It's very Harry Morgan from Dexter the way he looks. Completely as she remembers him, maybe a little better. A strong father figure, holding a rifle, ready to protect her. It may very well be that he knows he's too old to go with her and so he's making sure she knows he won't be taking part. I find that a little harder to believe, though. Well if he is alive he's probably pushing 60 at this point. No way he could still run around kicking ass like he did in the first game. Especially when you consider the physical toll of doing nothing but surviving, getting hit/shot/stabbed for 20 years has to take on your body. He probably couldn't stop Ellie if he tried. Old man strength. There is a gif of Santa Claus squatting 500lbs on the front page right now. Or he's become a poor-man's Wolverine. His body is riddled with metal and scar-tissue. Old Man Joel! Let's be fair, the Hulk couldn't stop Ellie is she wanted to do something. She'd just whistle and throw bricks at him repeatedly till he gave up. And the fact that we can't see his face. He almost appear like a fantomatic figure in that trailer. Obi-Joel Kenobi. I prefer Joelbi-Wan. Joel Joel Binks Or that she's 19 and he can't really tell her what to do. She's free to make her own decisions. Are you sure you want to go through with this, Dexter? To this day, I choose to believe the Indoctrination theory is canon. It's honestly the only thing that makes the story make sense, and Bioware fucked up in not running with Indoctrination Theory when they were already forced to rework the ending anyway because their audience was ready to string them up in the streets. The fandom practically giftwrapped a way for them to explain away all their narrative fuckery in a cool way and they ignored it for Casey Hudson's "artistic integrity". What was the theory? So everybody who has come into contact with a reaper for any extended amount of time has become indoctrinated. Saren, Benezia, Illusive Man, etc. Well Shepard has also spent considerable amount of time around them, but never got indoctrinated? In the ending you have 3 choices; Blue, Green, Red in that order. Now all throughout the series these colors have represented Paragon (blue), neutral (green), and Renegade (red), and they have always been in that order for dialogue and QTEs. Now all along Shepard has said the reapers must be destroyed because of the threat they pose to everyone, and the Illusive Man has shown he wants to control the reapers for mankind. Now agreeing with the Illusive Man in 2 was pretty much always a renegade choice, where as paragon went against him. So when Shepard is on the crucible and he has to pick between; Control (blue) the reapers, Synthesis (green) to make everyone the same, or Destroy (red) them, in that order. So then why is Controlling and letting the reapers live the paragon choice? Even though every Paragon option has been rooted in destroying them. The reapers would of course want to live and even though Shepard's conscience is inside them there is no guarantee that it will last or won't be overwritten by reaper coding. So it stands to believe Shepard is indoctrinated because of the choices that align the the Morality system presented across the whole series. Edit: this is a simplified explanation so if I missed a key point I do apologize. Guys I came to this thread for Last of Us news don't make me feel the Mass Effect ending rage again please please please God no I just finished a draft of a paper that disxusses the ending of me3. Now it seems to be coming up everywhere D: I wouldn't have considered the ending of ME3 to be well put together enough to warrant a paper analyzing it. Is it a paper about how they dropped the fucking ball? The morality system of the series is paragon: inclusiveness Renegade: exclusiveness The blue option includes them into a new galactic order, the red one excludes them. I may be wrong, but from my memory after the conversation between the "boy" and Shepard a few things had been established about the conflict between mechanical beings like Geth and reapers and organic species, leaning towards a cycle of birth and destruction that has persisted for God knows how long. From my perspective, Shepard had or at least should have learned that blatant destruction of the reapers really isn't the right option, just a reversal of the cycle, not an end. Soon, cosmically speaking, mechanical beings would come into play once more and either destroy or be destroyed just like organics. If he or she fails to recognize this then they have failed to follow the Paragon path, of the greater good it would appear. The blue and green options offer a cesation of this cycle, which in my opinion is the less obvious but better long term option. Also, let's not forget that destruction of the reapers would be the destruction of ALL mechanical species, so the Geth that you saved and managed a peace with the quarians(assuming you were paragon) would be wiped out along with every organic with a biotic implant. That's shortsighted and obviously a Renegade move. This is my opinion anyway, I don't think the indoctrination theory really is all that great and I appear to be in the minority. That's okay though, kind of the beautiful thing about games like Mass Effect. THAT was the simplified version? Yes. I've watched a few hours of video explaining it in greater depth and showing examples from the game. It was a great theory and made me love ME3 just as much as ME2 and ME. I really think the devs liked the theory and would have used it during the rework if they wanted. I mean they said at one point Shepard wasn't alive yet we got the breath scene so yes Shepard does live we just don't know what he/she is doing now. Ok simpler version, Reapers mind control everything and you have no reason to suspect you're immune. In the final sequence you're presented with an insane dreamlike scene and a choice where all the morality colors are inverted from what was used over the past 3 games. Shepard's (and the player's) final battle is to recognize and resist Reaper control over his mind. That's it really. The game has been hand holding you for dozens of hours by carefully labeling every decision with good as blue and evil as red. The final challenge is figure out right from wrong on your own. Shedding all of the detailed lore support, the fact that they flip morality at the last and arguably most important decision of the game made the theory pretty solid. Why would they flip the whole color system on its head for only this one final decision? Felt like it just had to be an intentional choice from the developers. The final battle being subtly subversive test of your moral compass that the franchise had been preparing the player for ever since ME2 would have made for an incredibly innovative ending to cap off an impressive trilogy. It'd stand up there among the best mindfuck endings in games of all time. Better yet, it's not just a cheap surprise twist, it's an entirely fair test of the player's ability to think for themselves. People loved Bioshock 1's meta ending where they reveal Ryan's control of the character. Here in ME3 it seemed like they one upped that ending with a meta control of the actual player's mind! This ending could have been legendary as one of the best game endings anyone had ever seen The crux of the theory is that the last section of the game actually takes place in Shepard head. The tldr is that the reapers are attempting to coercively mind control you, and going with what is presented as the good option is actually giving into that mind control. I understand it. It's still silly. I'll make it simpler. The moral choices at the end seem clearly switched from what we've come to expect from tbe characters, and this is explained as the reapers altering Shepherd's perspective in order to make the "best" scenario the one in which they live. The controlling and synthesis option are Paragon because you suddenly (inexplicably) gained more power/choice in the story. If someone entered your house and wanted to kill your whole family, shooting them would probably be paragon because that would be the best possible choice. But if you got magical green/blue powers and could protect everyone without killing the invader and made sure he never hurt anyone that would be paragon, killing him is only for when you have no alternative. Yeah but the killer has killed trillions of people in home invasions in the past, so it'd honestly be pretty shitty of you to not kill him. Not really. I mean, if you're guaranteeing that he won't kill anyone else in the future, there's no reason to kill him than to feel better about it. Killing the home invader won't change anything or bring anyone back. It will only make you feel better for getting revenge. Not that it's an invalid response, I just don't think it's shitty of you not to kill him. It takes a bigger person to resist the revenge killing than it does to give in to our emotions and kill said person. The thing with this is, I didn't trust the information the reapers were giving me. To use your analogy, it would be giving up your opportunity to neutralize the invader, on the promise from the invader himself the blue / green powers would work. I further still believe this was the correct answer, because the star child tells you flat out, the red option would also kill Shepard because of the cybernetics used in bring her back to life. If you get the extended ending, we see Shepard taking a breath after the explosion. We already have proof the Reapers were lying about one thing, why not everything? Woah cheers for writing that up. This theory is definitely better than whatever canon says Reminds me of infamous, you decide to be bad and have bad guy powers only to save the world or be good and then genocide everyone. That Shepard ended up indoctrinated by the Reapers, and the whole end game choice was him trying to either break or succumb to the indoctrination Oh I envy you if you are learning it for the first time. It saved the last game for me, still cant believe they didn't go with it. I also just tend to think back and choose to believe that is what actually happened. You should just search indoctrination theory on YouTube, they are interesting to watch. I think the most helpful are about an hour long though. This is assuming you played and liked mass effect of course. u/NeroIV did a good job summing it up. But if you want to go deeper down the rabbit hole, here is the video that I watched. I actually liked the way the story was presented to me when I played if. The Crucible was already Dues Ex Machina and the theme was sacrifice so... I was expecting something along the lines of not really "defeating" the reapers, since that was impossible. I avoided the internet to avoid spoilers and was floored by the unbelievable vitriol the community spat at the development team. That said, the Indoctrination theory was so much fun when I learned about it, and I absolutely loved it. I don't see anything wrong with making that a head-canon. Take it a bit further with the Marauder Shields comic someone wrote, and it was amazing. All butthurt aside, I actually was satisfied with the extended cut of ME3 and am still looking forward to Andromeda. I think Bioware learned their lesson about listening to the fanbase, or at least promising one thing and delivering another. Whether you liked the ending of ME3 or not, Andromeda looks soooo hype. Not sure how you couldn't be excited for it. I'm excited for anything Bioware puts out, I don't even care. I mean basically it's shut up and take my wallet at this point. Did you play the Dragon Age games? I was actually disappointed by Inquisition. I didn't feel nearly as engaged as I did with Origins. Hell, I even beat Dragon Age 2 but not Inquisition. That's my favorite theory ever, and so many people hate it You probably believe Squall is dead in FF8 too, don't you? On the off chance that you do, he's not. Look up the Dev's response to that theory. Yea still calling bull shit on the dead squall theory Probably because magic actually works like it does in game, in the story. Nope. I do like the Rinoa = Ultimecia theory though. What's your take on FF8's ending? I don't actually believe in Indoctrination Theory, I just think it makes the game better if you do. Similarly, I feel the same about SquallIsDead. Of course it's not true, but the game would be better if it was. Did Kazushige Nojima ever talk about this one? I know he addressed the FF7/10 connection, but I can't find anything about him addressing this FF8 theory. There's also the magic lamp/diablos explanation to debunk it. Me too, even the extended ending still didn't feel right to me. Why does Tyler Durden need sunglasses? It's part of his character, whether real or imaginary Joel would be expected to carry a gun most of the time Edit: when people say ghost they mean in her mind not like a supernatural literal spooky ghost Edit 2: I'm not saying I believe the theory or that I want it to be true just that if it was true it makes sense since a young girl brutally killing people probably would be fucked up mentally So he's like Brad Pitt in Fight Club not like Patrick Swayze in Ghost? No dude we're saying Joel is a ghost. Patrick Swayze wasnt even in the last of us Wait, you didn't see Patrick Swayze in TLoU? Mate you missed one of the best parts of the game! Uh, no one is saying it's literally a ghost. Just her imagination while she's processing what's going on. The "ghost" is for the video gamer to watch a story. What is the indoctrination theory? HOT SPOILERS FOR MASS EFFECT 3's ENDING even if it's a 5 year old game at this point but whatever This video was made to debate the ending, hinting that Shepard was indoctrinated by the reapers. A lot (like A LOT) of people started clinging on to this theory and it turned out to be nothing. Look here. I just started playing that game, so thank you Have fun playing Me3! I HIGHLY Recommend you play Leviathan DLC during your playthrough. As someone who has never played mass effect and intends to, my thanks for the spoiler box 😊 Jesus dies! Hmmmmm not sure if trolling or not... 😜 Doubt it's ghost ghosts, maybe she's hallucinating it but I doubt we're going ghosts Also, why would she imagine him walking in from outside where she can't see or hear him? Are you incapable of imagining anything beyond your immediate surroundings? Yeah but that's just not typically how they depict hallucinations of people in games and movies Could be to make the audience first think Ellie is in danger as the person approaches, before pulling the shot back to reveal Joel. Joel isn't dead. Joel will die, but he's not dead. There's no reason to think he is dead other than the shadow. If anything, that look Ellie gives him is one of "I know what you did". Not "I'm gonna avenge you". But that's just my theory. Don't forget Darth Jar Jar, the most powerful sith Lord the galaxy has ever known 😆😂 It's very Harry Morgan from Dexter the way he looks. Completely as she remembers him, maybe a little better. A strong father figure, holding a rifle, ready to protect her. It may very well be that he knows he's too old to go with her and so he's making sure she knows he won't be taking part. I find that a little harder to believe, though. It's honestly the only thing that makes the story make sense, and Bioware fucked up in not running with Indoctrination Theory when they were already forced to rework the ending anyway because their audience was ready to string them up in the streets. The fandom practically giftwrapped a way for them to explain away all their narrative fuckery in a cool way and they ignored it for Casey Hudson's "artistic integrity". What was the theory? So everybody who has come into contact with a reaper for any extended amount of time has become indoctrinated. Saren, Benezia, Illusive Man, etc. Well Shepard has also spent considerable amount of time around them, but never got indoctrinated? In the ending you have 3 choices; Blue, Green, Red in that order. Now all throughout the series these colors have represented Paragon (blue), neutral (green), and Renegade (red), and they have always been in that order for dialogue and QTEs. Now all along Shepard has said the reapers must be destroyed because of the threat they pose to everyone, and the Illusive Man has shown he wants to control the reapers for mankind. Now agreeing with the Illusive Man in 2 was pretty much always a renegade choice, where as paragon went against him. So when Shepard is on the crucible and he has to pick between; Control (blue) the reapers, Synthesis (green) to make everyone the same, or Destroy (red) them, in that order. So then why is Controlling and letting the reapers live the paragon choice? Even though every Paragon option has been rooted in destroying them. The reapers would of course want to live and even though Shepard's conscience is inside them there is no guarantee that it will last or won't be overwritten by reaper coding. So it stands to believe Shepard is indoctrinated because of the choices that align the the Morality system presented across the whole series. Edit: this is a simplified explanation so if I missed a key point I do apologize. Guys I came to this thread for Last of Us news don't make me feel the Mass Effect ending rage again please please please God no I just finished a draft of a paper that disxusses the ending of me3. Now it seems to be coming up everywhere D: I wouldn't have considered the ending of ME3 to be well put together enough to warrant a paper analyzing it. Is it a paper about how they dropped the fucking ball? The morality system of the series is paragon: inclusiveness Renegade: exclusiveness The blue option includes them into a new galactic order, the red one excludes them. I may be wrong, but from my memory after the conversation between the "boy" and Shepard a few things had been established about the conflict between mechanical beings like Geth and reapers and organic species, leaning towards a cycle of birth and destruction that has persisted for God knows how long. From my perspective, Shepard had or at least should have learned that blatant destruction of the reapers really isn't the right option, just a reversal of the cycle, not an end. Soon, cosmically speaking, mechanical beings would come into play once more and either destroy or be destroyed just like organics. If he or she fails to recognize this then they have failed to follow the Paragon path, of the greater good it would appear. The blue and green options offer a cesation of this cycle, which in my opinion is the less obvious but better long term option. Also, let's not forget that destruction of the reapers would be the destruction of ALL mechanical species, so the Geth that you saved and managed a peace with the quarians(assuming you were paragon) would be wiped out along with every organic with a biotic implant. That's shortsighted and obviously a Renegade move. This is my opinion anyway, I don't think the indoctrination theory really is all that great and I appear to be in the minority. That's okay though, kind of the beautiful thing about games like Mass Effect. THAT was the simplified version? Yes. I've watched a few hours of video explaining it in greater depth and showing examples from the game. It was a great theory and made me love ME3 just as much as ME2 and ME. I really think the devs liked the theory and would have used it during the rework if they wanted. I mean they said at one point Shepard wasn't alive yet we got the breath scene so yes Shepard does live we just don't know what he/she is doing now. Ok simpler version, Reapers mind control everything and you have no reason to suspect you're immune. In the final sequence you're presented with an insane dreamlike scene and a choice where all the morality colors are inverted from what was used over the past 3 games. Shepard's (and the player's) final battle is to recognize and resist Reaper control over his mind. That's it really. The game has been hand holding you for dozens of hours by carefully labeling every decision with good as blue and evil as red. The final challenge is figure out right from wrong on your own. Shedding all of the detailed lore support, the fact that they flip morality at the last and arguably most important decision of the game made the theory pretty solid. Why would they flip the whole color system on its head for only this one final decision? Felt like it just had to be an intentional choice from the developers. The final battle being subtly subversive test of your moral compass that the franchise had been preparing the player for ever since ME2 would have made for an incredibly innovative ending to cap off an impressive trilogy. It'd stand up there among the best mindfuck endings in games of all time. Better yet, it's not just a cheap surprise twist, it's an entirely fair test of the player's ability to think for themselves. People loved Bioshock 1's meta ending where they reveal Ryan's control of the character. Here in ME3 it seemed like they one upped that ending with a meta control of the actual player's mind! This ending could have been legendary as one of the best game endings anyone had ever seen The crux of the theory is that the last section of the game actually takes place in Shepard head. The tldr is that the reapers are attempting to coercively mind control you, and going with what is presented as the good option is actually giving into that mind control. I understand it. It's still silly. I'll make it simpler. The moral choices at the end seem clearly switched from what we've come to expect from tbe characters, and this is explained as the reapers altering Shepherd's perspective in order to make the "best" scenario the one in which they live. The controlling and synthesis option are Paragon because you suddenly (inexplicably) gained more power/choice in the story. If someone entered your house and wanted to kill your whole family, shooting them would probably be paragon because that would be the best possible choice. But if you got magical green/blue powers and could protect everyone without killing the invader and made sure he never hurt anyone that would be paragon, killing him is only for when you have no alternative. Yeah but the killer has killed trillions of people in home invasions in the past, so it'd honestly be pretty shitty of you to not kill him. Not really. I mean, if you're guaranteeing that he won't kill anyone else in the future, there's no reason to kill him than to feel better about it. Killing the home invader won't change anything or bring anyone back. It will only make you feel better for getting revenge. Not that it's an invalid response, I just don't think it's shitty of you not to kill him. It takes a bigger person to resist the revenge killing than it does to give in to our emotions and kill said person. The thing with this is, I didn't trust the information the reapers were giving me. To use your analogy, it would be giving up your opportunity to neutralize the invader, on the promise from the invader himself the blue / green powers would work. I further still believe this was the correct answer, because the star child tells you flat out, the red option would also kill Shepard because of the cybernetics used in bring her back to life. If you get the extended ending, we see Shepard taking a breath after the explosion. We already have proof the Reapers were lying about one thing, why not everything? Woah cheers for writing that up. This theory is definitely better than whatever canon says Reminds me of infamous, you decide to be bad and have bad guy powers only to save the world or be good and then genocide everyone. That Shepard ended up indoctrinated by the Reapers, and the whole end game choice was him trying to either break or succumb to the indoctrination Oh I envy you if you are learning it for the first time. It saved the last game for me, still cant believe they didn't go with it. I also just tend to think back and choose to believe that is what actually happened. You should just search indoctrination theory on YouTube, they are interesting to watch. I think the most helpful are about an hour long though. This is assuming you played and liked mass effect of course. u/NeroIV did a good job summing it up. But if you want to go deeper down the rabbit hole, here is the video that I watched. I actually liked the way the story was presented to me when I played if. The Crucible was already Dues Ex Machina and the theme was sacrifice so... I was expecting something along the lines of not really "defeating" the reapers, since that was impossible. I avoided the internet to avoid spoilers and was floored by the unbelievable vitriol the community spat at the development team. That said, the Indoctrination theory was so much fun when I learned about it, and I absolutely loved it. I don't see anything wrong with making that a head-canon. Take it a bit further with the Marauder Shields comic someone wrote, and it was amazing. All butthurt aside, I actually was satisfied with the extended cut of ME3 and am still looking forward to Andromeda. I think Bioware learned their lesson about listening to the fanbase, or at least promising one thing and delivering another. Whether you liked the ending of ME3 or not, Andromeda looks soooo hype. Not sure how you couldn't be excited for it. I'm excited for anything Bioware puts out, I don't even care. I mean basically it's shut up and take my wallet at this point. Did you play the Dragon Age games? I was actually disappointed by Inquisition. I didn't feel nearly as engaged as I did with Origins. Hell, I even beat Dragon Age 2 but not Inquisition. That's my favorite theory ever, and so many people hate it You probably believe Squall is dead in FF8 too, don't you? On the off chance that you do, he's not. Look up the Dev's response to that theory. Yea still calling bull shit on the dead squall theory Probably because magic actually works like it does in game, in the story. Nope. I do like the Rinoa = Ultimecia theory though. What's your take on FF8's ending? I don't actually believe in Indoctrination Theory, I just think it makes the game better if you do. Similarly, I feel the same about SquallIsDead. Of course it's not true, but the game would be better if it was. Did Kazushige Nojima ever talk about this one? I know he addressed the FF7/10 connection, but I can't find anything about him addressing this FF8 theory. There's also the magic lamp/diablos explanation to debunk it. Me too, even the extended ending still didn't feel right to me. What was the theory? So everybody who has come into contact with a reaper for any extended amount of time has become indoctrinated. Saren, Benezia, Illusive Man, etc. Well Shepard has also spent considerable amount of time around them, but never got indoctrinated? In the ending you have 3 choices; Blue, Green, Red in that order. Now all throughout the series these colors have represented Paragon (blue), neutral (green), and Renegade (red), and they have always been in that order for dialogue and QTEs. Now all along Shepard has said the reapers must be destroyed because of the threat they pose to everyone, and the Illusive Man has shown he wants to control the reapers for mankind. Now agreeing with the Illusive Man in 2 was pretty much always a renegade choice, where as paragon went against him. So when Shepard is on the crucible and he has to pick between; Control (blue) the reapers, Synthesis (green) to make everyone the same, or Destroy (red) them, in that order. So then why is Controlling and letting the reapers live the paragon choice? Even though every Paragon option has been rooted in destroying them. The reapers would of course want to live and even though Shepard's conscience is inside them there is no guarantee that it will last or won't be overwritten by reaper coding. So it stands to believe Shepard is indoctrinated because of the choices that align the the Morality system presented across the whole series. Edit: this is a simplified explanation so if I missed a key point I do apologize. Guys I came to this thread for Last of Us news don't make me feel the Mass Effect ending rage again please please please God no I just finished a draft of a paper that disxusses the ending of me3. Now it seems to be coming up everywhere D: I wouldn't have considered the ending of ME3 to be well put together enough to warrant a paper analyzing it. Is it a paper about how they dropped the fucking ball? The morality system of the series is paragon: inclusiveness Renegade: exclusiveness The blue option includes them into a new galactic order, the red one excludes them. I may be wrong, but from my memory after the conversation between the "boy" and Shepard a few things had been established about the conflict between mechanical beings like Geth and reapers and organic species, leaning towards a cycle of birth and destruction that has persisted for God knows how long. From my perspective, Shepard had or at least should have learned that blatant destruction of the reapers really isn't the right option, just a reversal of the cycle, not an end. Soon, cosmically speaking, mechanical beings would come into play once more and either destroy or be destroyed just like organics. If he or she fails to recognize this then they have failed to follow the Paragon path, of the greater good it would appear. The blue and green options offer a cesation of this cycle, which in my opinion is the less obvious but better long term option. Also, let's not forget that destruction of the reapers would be the destruction of ALL mechanical species, so the Geth that you saved and managed a peace with the quarians(assuming you were paragon) would be wiped out along with every organic with a biotic implant. That's shortsighted and obviously a Renegade move. This is my opinion anyway, I don't think the indoctrination theory really is all that great and I appear to be in the minority. That's okay though, kind of the beautiful thing about games like Mass Effect. THAT was the simplified version? Yes. I've watched a few hours of video explaining it in greater depth and showing examples from the game. It was a great theory and made me love ME3 just as much as ME2 and ME. I really think the devs liked the theory and would have used it during the rework if they wanted. I mean they said at one point Shepard wasn't alive yet we got the breath scene so yes Shepard does live we just don't know what he/she is doing now. Ok simpler version, Reapers mind control everything and you have no reason to suspect you're immune. In the final sequence you're presented with an insane dreamlike scene and a choice where all the morality colors are inverted from what was used over the past 3 games. Shepard's (and the player's) final battle is to recognize and resist Reaper control over his mind. That's it really. The game has been hand holding you for dozens of hours by carefully labeling every decision with good as blue and evil as red. The final challenge is figure out right from wrong on your own. Shedding all of the detailed lore support, the fact that they flip morality at the last and arguably most important decision of the game made the theory pretty solid. Why would they flip the whole color system on its head for only this one final decision? Felt like it just had to be an intentional choice from the developers. The final battle being subtly subversive test of your moral compass that the franchise had been preparing the player for ever since ME2 would have made for an incredibly innovative ending to cap off an impressive trilogy. It'd stand up there among the best mindfuck endings in games of all time. Better yet, it's not just a cheap surprise twist, it's an entirely fair test of the player's ability to think for themselves. People loved Bioshock 1's meta ending where they reveal Ryan's control of the character. Here in ME3 it seemed like they one upped that ending with a meta control of the actual player's mind! This ending could have been legendary as one of the best game endings anyone had ever seen The crux of the theory is that the last section of the game actually takes place in Shepard head. The tldr is that the reapers are attempting to coercively mind control you, and going with what is presented as the good option is actually giving into that mind control. I understand it. It's still silly. I'll make it simpler. The moral choices at the end seem clearly switched from what we've come to expect from tbe characters, and this is explained as the reapers altering Shepherd's perspective in order to make the "best" scenario the one in which they live. The controlling and synthesis option are Paragon because you suddenly (inexplicably) gained more power/choice in the story. If someone entered your house and wanted to kill your whole family, shooting them would probably be paragon because that would be the best possible choice. But if you got magical green/blue powers and could protect everyone without killing the invader and made sure he never hurt anyone that would be paragon, killing him is only for when you have no alternative. Yeah but the killer has killed trillions of people in home invasions in the past, so it'd honestly be pretty shitty of you to not kill him. Not really. I mean, if you're guaranteeing that he won't kill anyone else in the future, there's no reason to kill him than to feel better about it. Killing the home invader won't change anything or bring anyone back. It will only make you feel better for getting revenge. Not that it's an invalid response, I just don't think it's shitty of you not to kill him. It takes a bigger person to resist the revenge killing than it does to give in to our emotions and kill said person. The thing with this is, I didn't trust the information the reapers were giving me. To use your analogy, it would be giving up your opportunity to neutralize the invader, on the promise from the invader himself the blue / green powers would work. I further still believe this was the correct answer, because the star child tells you flat out, the red option would also kill Shepard because of the cybernetics used in bring her back to life. If you get the extended ending, we see Shepard taking a breath after the explosion. We already have proof the Reapers were lying about one thing, why not everything? Woah cheers for writing that up. This theory is definitely better than whatever canon says Reminds me of infamous, you decide to be bad and have bad guy powers only to save the world or be good and then genocide everyone. That Shepard ended up indoctrinated by the Reapers, and the whole end game choice was him trying to either break or succumb to the indoctrination Oh I envy you if you are learning it for the first time. It saved the last game for me, still cant believe they didn't go with it. I also just tend to think back and choose to believe that is what actually happened. You should just search indoctrination theory on YouTube, they are interesting to watch. I think the most helpful are about an hour long though. This is assuming you played and liked mass effect of course. u/NeroIV did a good job summing it up. But if you want to go deeper down the rabbit hole, here is the video that I watched. I actually liked the way the story was presented to me when I played if. The Crucible was already Dues Ex Machina and the theme was sacrifice so... I was expecting something along the lines of not really "defeating" the reapers, since that was impossible. I avoided the internet to avoid spoilers and was floored by the unbelievable vitriol the community spat at the development team. That said, the Indoctrination theory was so much fun when I learned about it, and I absolutely loved it. I don't see anything wrong with making that a head-canon. Take it a bit further with the Marauder Shields comic someone wrote, and it was amazing. All butthurt aside, I actually was satisfied with the extended cut of ME3 and am still looking forward to Andromeda. I think Bioware learned their lesson about listening to the fanbase, or at least promising one thing and delivering another. Whether you liked the ending of ME3 or not, Andromeda looks soooo hype. Not sure how you couldn't be excited for it. I'm excited for anything Bioware puts out, I don't even care. I mean basically it's shut up and take my wallet at this point. Did you play the Dragon Age games? I was actually disappointed by Inquisition. I didn't feel nearly as engaged as I did with Origins. Hell, I even beat Dragon Age 2 but not Inquisition. So everybody who has come into contact with a reaper for any extended amount of time has become indoctrinated. Saren, Benezia, Illusive Man, etc. Well Shepard has also spent considerable amount of time around them, but never got indoctrinated? In the ending you have 3 choices; Blue, Green, Red in that order. Now all throughout the series these colors have represented Paragon (blue), neutral (green), and Renegade (red), and they have always been in that order for dialogue and QTEs. Now all along Shepard has said the reapers must be destroyed because of the threat they pose to everyone, and the Illusive Man has shown he wants to control the reapers for mankind. Now agreeing with the Illusive Man in 2 was pretty much always a renegade choice, where as paragon went against him. So when Shepard is on the crucible and he has to pick between; Control (blue) the reapers, Synthesis (green) to make everyone the same, or Destroy (red) them, in that order. So then why is Controlling and letting the reapers live the paragon choice? Even though every Paragon option has been rooted in destroying them. The reapers would of course want to live and even though Shepard's conscience is inside them there is no guarantee that it will last or won't be overwritten by reaper coding. So it stands to believe Shepard is indoctrinated because of the choices that align the the Morality system presented across the whole series. Edit: this is a simplified explanation so if I missed a key point I do apologize. Guys I came to this thread for Last of Us news don't make me feel the Mass Effect ending rage again please please please God no I just finished a draft of a paper that disxusses the ending of me3. Now it seems to be coming up everywhere D: I wouldn't have considered the ending of ME3 to be well put together enough to warrant a paper analyzing it. Is it a paper about how they dropped the fucking ball? The morality system of the series is paragon: inclusiveness Renegade: exclusiveness The blue option includes them into a new galactic order, the red one excludes them. I may be wrong, but from my memory after the conversation between the "boy" and Shepard a few things had been established about the conflict between mechanical beings like Geth and reapers and organic species, leaning towards a cycle of birth and destruction that has persisted for God knows how long. From my perspective, Shepard had or at least should have learned that blatant destruction of the reapers really isn't the right option, just a reversal of the cycle, not an end. Soon, cosmically speaking, mechanical beings would come into play once more and either destroy or be destroyed just like organics. If he or she fails to recognize this then they have failed to follow the Paragon path, of the greater good it would appear. The blue and green options offer a cesation of this cycle, which in my opinion is the less obvious but better long term option. Also, let's not forget that destruction of the reapers would be the destruction of ALL mechanical species, so the Geth that you saved and managed a peace with the quarians(assuming you were paragon) would be wiped out along with every organic with a biotic implant. That's shortsighted and obviously a Renegade move. This is my opinion anyway, I don't think the indoctrination theory really is all that great and I appear to be in the minority. That's okay though, kind of the beautiful thing about games like Mass Effect. THAT was the simplified version? Yes. I've watched a few hours of video explaining it in greater depth and showing examples from the game. It was a great theory and made me love ME3 just as much as ME2 and ME. I really think the devs liked the theory and would have used it during the rework if they wanted. I mean they said at one point Shepard wasn't alive yet we got the breath scene so yes Shepard does live we just don't know what he/she is doing now. Ok simpler version, Reapers mind control everything and you have no reason to suspect you're immune. In the final sequence you're presented with an insane dreamlike scene and a choice where all the morality colors are inverted from what was used over the past 3 games. Shepard's (and the player's) final battle is to recognize and resist Reaper control over his mind. That's it really. The game has been hand holding you for dozens of hours by carefully labeling every decision with good as blue and evil as red. The final challenge is figure out right from wrong on your own. Shedding all of the detailed lore support, the fact that they flip morality at the last and arguably most important decision of the game made the theory pretty solid. Why would they flip the whole color system on its head for only this one final decision? Felt like it just had to be an intentional choice from the developers. The final battle being subtly subversive test of your moral compass that the franchise had been preparing the player for ever since ME2 would have made for an incredibly innovative ending to cap off an impressive trilogy. It'd stand up there among the best mindfuck endings in games of all time. Better yet, it's not just a cheap surprise twist, it's an entirely fair test of the player's ability to think for themselves. People loved Bioshock 1's meta ending where they reveal Ryan's control of the character. Here in ME3 it seemed like they one upped that ending with a meta control of the actual player's mind! This ending could have been legendary as one of the best game endings anyone had ever seen The crux of the theory is that the last section of the game actually takes place in Shepard head. The tldr is that the reapers are attempting to coercively mind control you, and going with what is presented as the good option is actually giving into that mind control. I understand it. It's still silly. I'll make it simpler. The moral choices at the end seem clearly switched from what we've come to expect from tbe characters, and this is explained as the reapers altering Shepherd's perspective in order to make the "best" scenario the one in which they live. The controlling and synthesis option are Paragon because you suddenly (inexplicably) gained more power/choice in the story. If someone entered your house and wanted to kill your whole family, shooting them would probably be paragon because that would be the best possible choice. But if you got magical green/blue powers and could protect everyone without killing the invader and made sure he never hurt anyone that would be paragon, killing him is only for when you have no alternative. Yeah but the killer has killed trillions of people in home invasions in the past, so it'd honestly be pretty shitty of you to not kill him. Not really. I mean, if you're guaranteeing that he won't kill anyone else in the future, there's no reason to kill him than to feel better about it. Killing the home invader won't change anything or bring anyone back. It will only make you feel better for getting revenge. Not that it's an invalid response, I just don't think it's shitty of you not to kill him. It takes a bigger person to resist the revenge killing than it does to give in to our emotions and kill said person. The thing with this is, I didn't trust the information the reapers were giving me. To use your analogy, it would be giving up your opportunity to neutralize the invader, on the promise from the invader himself the blue / green powers would work. I further still believe this was the correct answer, because the star child tells you flat out, the red option would also kill Shepard because of the cybernetics used in bring her back to life. If you get the extended ending, we see Shepard taking a breath after the explosion. We already have proof the Reapers were lying about one thing, why not everything? Woah cheers for writing that up. This theory is definitely better than whatever canon says Reminds me of infamous, you decide to be bad and have bad guy powers only to save the world or be good and then genocide everyone. That Shepard ended up indoctrinated by the Reapers, and the whole end game choice was him trying to either break or succumb to the indoctrination Oh I envy you if you are learning it for the first time. It saved the last game for me, still cant believe they didn't go with it. I also just tend to think back and choose to believe that is what actually happened. You should just search indoctrination theory on YouTube, they are interesting to watch. I think the most helpful are about an hour long though. This is assuming you played and liked mass effect of course. u/NeroIV did a good job summing it up. But if you want to go deeper down the rabbit hole, here is the video that I watched. Guys I came to this thread for Last of Us news don't make me feel the Mass Effect ending rage again please please please God no I just finished a draft of a paper that disxusses the ending of me3. Now it seems to be coming up everywhere D: I wouldn't have considered the ending of ME3 to be well put together enough to warrant a paper analyzing it. Is it a paper about how they dropped the fucking ball? The morality system of the series is paragon: inclusiveness Renegade: exclusiveness The blue option includes them into a new galactic order, the red one excludes them. I may be wrong, but from my memory after the conversation between the "boy" and Shepard a few things had been established about the conflict between mechanical beings like Geth and reapers and organic species, leaning towards a cycle of birth and destruction that has persisted for God knows how long. From my perspective, Shepard had or at least should have learned that blatant destruction of the reapers really isn't the right option, just a reversal of the cycle, not an end. Soon, cosmically speaking, mechanical beings would come into play once more and either destroy or be destroyed just like organics. If he or she fails to recognize this then they have failed to follow the Paragon path, of the greater good it would appear. The blue and green options offer a cesation of this cycle, which in my opinion is the less obvious but better long term option. Also, let's not forget that destruction of the reapers would be the destruction of ALL mechanical species, so the Geth that you saved and managed a peace with the quarians(assuming you were paragon) would be wiped out along with every organic with a biotic implant. That's shortsighted and obviously a Renegade move. This is my opinion anyway, I don't think the indoctrination theory really is all that great and I appear to be in the minority. That's okay though, kind of the beautiful thing about games like Mass Effect. THAT was the simplified version? Yes. I've watched a few hours of video explaining it in greater depth and showing examples from the game. It was a great theory and made me love ME3 just as much as ME2 and ME. I really think the devs liked the theory and would have used it during the rework if they wanted. I mean they said at one point Shepard wasn't alive yet we got the breath scene so yes Shepard does live we just don't know what he/she is doing now. Ok simpler version, Reapers mind control everything and you have no reason to suspect you're immune. In the final sequence you're presented with an insane dreamlike scene and a choice where all the morality colors are inverted from what was used over the past 3 games. Shepard's (and the player's) final battle is to recognize and resist Reaper control over his mind. That's it really. The game has been hand holding you for dozens of hours by carefully labeling every decision with good as blue and evil as red. The final challenge is figure out right from wrong on your own. Shedding all of the detailed lore support, the fact that they flip morality at the last and arguably most important decision of the game made the theory pretty solid. Why would they flip the whole color system on its head for only this one final decision? Felt like it just had to be an intentional choice from the developers. The final battle being subtly subversive test of your moral compass that the franchise had been preparing the player for ever since ME2 would have made for an incredibly innovative ending to cap off an impressive trilogy. It'd stand up there among the best mindfuck endings in games of all time. Better yet, it's not just a cheap surprise twist, it's an entirely fair test of the player's ability to think for themselves. People loved Bioshock 1's meta ending where they reveal Ryan's control of the character. Here in ME3 it seemed like they one upped that ending with a meta control of the actual player's mind! This ending could have been legendary as one of the best game endings anyone had ever seen The crux of the theory is that the last section of the game actually takes place in Shepard head. The tldr is that the reapers are attempting to coercively mind control you, and going with what is presented as the good option is actually giving into that mind control. I understand it. It's still silly. I'll make it simpler. The moral choices at the end seem clearly switched from what we've come to expect from tbe characters, and this is explained as the reapers altering Shepherd's perspective in order to make the "best" scenario the one in which they live. The controlling and synthesis option are Paragon because you suddenly (inexplicably) gained more power/choice in the story. If someone entered your house and wanted to kill your whole family, shooting them would probably be paragon because that would be the best possible choice. But if you got magical green/blue powers and could protect everyone without killing the invader and made sure he never hurt anyone that would be paragon, killing him is only for when you have no alternative. Yeah but the killer has killed trillions of people in home invasions in the past, so it'd honestly be pretty shitty of you to not kill him. Not really. I mean, if you're guaranteeing that he won't kill anyone else in the future, there's no reason to kill him than to feel better about it. Killing the home invader won't change anything or bring anyone back. It will only make you feel better for getting revenge. Not that it's an invalid response, I just don't think it's shitty of you not to kill him. It takes a bigger person to resist the revenge killing than it does to give in to our emotions and kill said person. The thing with this is, I didn't trust the information the reapers were giving me. To use your analogy, it would be giving up your opportunity to neutralize the invader, on the promise from the invader himself the blue / green powers would work. I further still believe this was the correct answer, because the star child tells you flat out, the red option would also kill Shepard because of the cybernetics used in bring her back to life. If you get the extended ending, we see Shepard taking a breath after the explosion. We already have proof the Reapers were lying about one thing, why not everything? Woah cheers for writing that up. This theory is definitely better than whatever canon says Reminds me of infamous, you decide to be bad and have bad guy powers only to save the world or be good and then genocide everyone. I just finished a draft of a paper that disxusses the ending of me3. Now it seems to be coming up everywhere D: I wouldn't have considered the ending of ME3 to be well put together enough to warrant a paper analyzing it. Is it a paper about how they dropped the fucking ball? I wouldn't have considered the ending of ME3 to be well put together enough to warrant a paper analyzing it. Is it a paper about how they dropped the fucking ball? Yes. I've watched a few hours of video explaining it in greater depth and showing examples from the game. It was a great theory and made me love ME3 just as much as ME2 and ME. I really think the devs liked the theory and would have used it during the rework if they wanted. I mean they said at one point Shepard wasn't alive yet we got the breath scene so yes Shepard does live we just don't know what he/she is doing now. Ok simpler version, Reapers mind control everything and you have no reason to suspect you're immune. In the final sequence you're presented with an insane dreamlike scene and a choice where all the morality colors are inverted from what was used over the past 3 games. Shepard's (and the player's) final battle is to recognize and resist Reaper control over his mind. That's it really. The game has been hand holding you for dozens of hours by carefully labeling every decision with good as blue and evil as red. The final challenge is figure out right from wrong on your own. Shedding all of the detailed lore support, the fact that they flip morality at the last and arguably most important decision of the game made the theory pretty solid. Why would they flip the whole color system on its head for only this one final decision? Felt like it just had to be an intentional choice from the developers. The final battle being subtly subversive test of your moral compass that the franchise had been preparing the player for ever since ME2 would have made for an incredibly innovative ending to cap off an impressive trilogy. It'd stand up there among the best mindfuck endings in games of all time. Better yet, it's not just a cheap surprise twist, it's an entirely fair test of the player's ability to think for themselves. People loved Bioshock 1's meta ending where they reveal Ryan's control of the character. Here in ME3 it seemed like they one upped that ending with a meta control of the actual player's mind! This ending could have been legendary as one of the best game endings anyone had ever seen The crux of the theory is that the last section of the game actually takes place in Shepard head. The tldr is that the reapers are attempting to coercively mind control you, and going with what is presented as the good option is actually giving into that mind control. I understand it. It's still silly. I'll make it simpler. The moral choices at the end seem clearly switched from what we've come to expect from tbe characters, and this is explained as the reapers altering Shepherd's perspective in order to make the "best" scenario the one in which they live. I really think the devs liked the theory and would have used it during the rework if they wanted. I mean they said at one point Shepard wasn't alive yet we got the breath scene so yes Shepard does live we just don't know what he/she is doing now. I understand it. It's still silly. Yeah but the killer has killed trillions of people in home invasions in the past, so it'd honestly be pretty shitty of you to not kill him. Not really. I mean, if you're guaranteeing that he won't kill anyone else in the future, there's no reason to kill him than to feel better about it. Killing the home invader won't change anything or bring anyone back. It will only make you feel better for getting revenge. Not that it's an invalid response, I just don't think it's shitty of you not to kill him. It takes a bigger person to resist the revenge killing than it does to give in to our emotions and kill said person. The thing with this is, I didn't trust the information the reapers were giving me. To use your analogy, it would be giving up your opportunity to neutralize the invader, on the promise from the invader himself the blue / green powers would work. I further still believe this was the correct answer, because the star child tells you flat out, the red option would also kill Shepard because of the cybernetics used in bring her back to life. If you get the extended ending, we see Shepard taking a breath after the explosion. We already have proof the Reapers were lying about one thing, why not everything? Not really. I mean, if you're guaranteeing that he won't kill anyone else in the future, there's no reason to kill him than to feel better about it. Killing the home invader won't change anything or bring anyone back. It will only make you feel better for getting revenge. Not that it's an invalid response, I just don't think it's shitty of you not to kill him. It takes a bigger person to resist the revenge killing than it does to give in to our emotions and kill said person. All butthurt aside, I actually was satisfied with the extended cut of ME3 and am still looking forward to Andromeda. I think Bioware learned their lesson about listening to the fanbase, or at least promising one thing and delivering another. Whether you liked the ending of ME3 or not, Andromeda looks soooo hype. Not sure how you couldn't be excited for it. I'm excited for anything Bioware puts out, I don't even care. I mean basically it's shut up and take my wallet at this point. Did you play the Dragon Age games? I was actually disappointed by Inquisition. I didn't feel nearly as engaged as I did with Origins. Hell, I even beat Dragon Age 2 but not Inquisition. Whether you liked the ending of ME3 or not, Andromeda looks soooo hype. Not sure how you couldn't be excited for it. I'm excited for anything Bioware puts out, I don't even care. I mean basically it's shut up and take my wallet at this point. Did you play the Dragon Age games? I was actually disappointed by Inquisition. I didn't feel nearly as engaged as I did with Origins. Hell, I even beat Dragon Age 2 but not Inquisition. I'm excited for anything Bioware puts out, I don't even care. I mean basically it's shut up and take my wallet at this point. Did you play the Dragon Age games? I was actually disappointed by Inquisition. I didn't feel nearly as engaged as I did with Origins. Hell, I even beat Dragon Age 2 but not Inquisition. Did you play the Dragon Age games? I was actually disappointed by Inquisition. I didn't feel nearly as engaged as I did with Origins. Hell, I even beat Dragon Age 2 but not Inquisition. Yea still calling bull shit on the dead squall theory Probably because magic actually works like it does in game, in the story. Nope. I do like the Rinoa = Ultimecia theory though. What's your take on FF8's ending? I don't actually believe in Indoctrination Theory, I just think it makes the game better if you do. Similarly, I feel the same about SquallIsDead. Of course it's not true, but the game would be better if it was. Did Kazushige Nojima ever talk about this one? I know he addressed the FF7/10 connection, but I can't find anything about him addressing this FF8 theory. There's also the magic lamp/diablos explanation to debunk it. Probably because magic actually works like it does in game, in the story. So he's like Brad Pitt in Fight Club not like Patrick Swayze in Ghost? No dude we're saying Joel is a ghost. Patrick Swayze wasnt even in the last of us Wait, you didn't see Patrick Swayze in TLoU? Mate you missed one of the best parts of the game! No dude we're saying Joel is a ghost. Patrick Swayze wasnt even in the last of us Wait, you didn't see Patrick Swayze in TLoU? Mate you missed one of the best parts of the game! Wait, you didn't see Patrick Swayze in TLoU? Mate you missed one of the best parts of the game! HOT SPOILERS FOR MASS EFFECT 3's ENDING even if it's a 5 year old game at this point but whatever This video was made to debate the ending, hinting that Shepard was indoctrinated by the reapers. A lot (like A LOT) of people started clinging on to this theory and it turned out to be nothing. Look here. I just started playing that game, so thank you Have fun playing Me3! I HIGHLY Recommend you play Leviathan DLC during your playthrough. As someone who has never played mass effect and intends to, my thanks for the spoiler box 😊 Jesus dies! Hmmmmm not sure if trolling or not... 😜 Look here. I just started playing that game, so thank you Have fun playing Me3! I HIGHLY Recommend you play Leviathan DLC during your playthrough. As someone who has never played mass effect and intends to, my thanks for the spoiler box 😊 Jesus dies! Hmmmmm not sure if trolling or not... 😜 Have fun playing Me3! I HIGHLY Recommend you play Leviathan DLC during your playthrough. Jesus dies! Hmmmmm not sure if trolling or not... 😜 Hmmmmm not sure if trolling or not... 😜 Are you incapable of imagining anything beyond your immediate surroundings? Yeah but that's just not typically how they depict hallucinations of people in games and movies Yeah but that's just not typically how they depict hallucinations of people in games and movies Old man strength. There is a gif of Santa Claus squatting 500lbs on the front page right now. Or he's become a poor-man's Wolverine. His body is riddled with metal and scar-tissue. Old Man Joel! Let's be fair, the Hulk couldn't stop Ellie is she wanted to do something. She'd just whistle and throw bricks at him repeatedly till he gave up. Obi-Joel Kenobi. I prefer Joelbi-Wan. Joel Joel Binks I prefer Joelbi-Wan. Joel Joel Binks Joel Joel Binks I was thinking more of mental breakdown by ellie and starts seeing Joel where ever she goes The Last of us Beyond: Two Souls: 2 I think people are looking too much into this trailer. Do I think its possible that joel will die? Yes. I doubt he will be dead from the start but I suppose its possible. A lot of cg trailers for games are conceptual and not canon. that much has already been confirmed. Ellie is the main character in part 2. They confirmed that Ellie is the lead playable character while Joel is the secondary one, a reverse of the first game. But that doesn't mean he's dead. How cliche. You get to play as Joel in flashbacks where Tommy's town is getting attacked in the night by Fireflies. You get to play as Joel in flashbacks where Tommy's town is getting attacked in the night by Fireflies. Yes, but the fact that joel's face was not shown directly, and that he walks into the house after she's been sitting there for a while, is leading a lot of people to think he died, and she's still continuing, but she's slightly delusional and hallucinates him talking to her all the time. He isn't dead. It would be a thematic departure for the series to have ghost characters and psychological illusions. The first game was very grounded in reality and Joel and Ellie were seeped in it. The whole reason they stayed alive was because they accepted the world they lived in and chose to survive alone without emotional attachments. It wouldnt be consistent with the character of Ellie to have her seeing ghosts. Yes this. I don't want him to be dead, and agree that if they do it'd take a departure into the supernatural which isn't what I'd want in TLOU. A psychotic breakdown where Ellie sees hallucinations of him would still be pretty grounded. he doesn't have to be a ghost. Hallucinating isn't supernatural though right? No one is saying he's a literal ghost. Am I the only one who noticed Joel's voice sounded very different in this new trailer than the last of us game? I think you need to replay the original. Sounds the same. Same voice actor. Doubt it, but nice theory. Characters don't die off screen. They'd need to kill him right away in part II. Yeah, but Ellie appears to be at least 3 or 4 years older in the trailer. That's a pretty big gap. They could do some sort of prologue that shows how he died and that she's been on her own ever since. She's older, sure, but that doesn't mean Joel is dead. Also it's pretty obvious Joel understands she's not a kid and can't influence her decisions. Ellie could have easily slipped away (as she's known to do) in order to kill this group that was shown, and in doing so let Joel know that she wasn't going to stop until the deed was done. I'd like to point out we have no clue who these guys are or why Ellie is super pissed off. Though she's always been pretty pissed off so that's not new. I assumed she meant the rest of the fireflies... after what they did to her at the university lab. I assume there's tons more throughout the country and she wants to kill them all. And possibly, they killed Joel shortly after the first story for rescuing her. So she wants revenge Joel's voice sounds as though he can't control what she's doing, and sounds to me like her internal moral voice bothering her as she goes on this long blood rampage by herself. what did they do to her at the lab? They wanted to find a cure and were willing to kill her to do so. We also found out that there were others immune like her that they killed trying to create a cure with no success. Besides prep to cut out her brain? Which she was ok with and wanted. If they're going to lead us to believe he's still alive even though he isn't then epilogue would work best. It would also suck if that's the last thing you see before the game is over, but man would it be powerful. He isn't dead. It would be a thematic departure for the series to have ghost characters and psychological illusions. The first game was very grounded in reality and Joel and Ellie were seeped in it. The whole reason they stayed alive was because they accepted the world they lived in and chose to survive alone without emotional attachments. It wouldnt be consistent with the character of Ellie to have her seeing ghosts. Yes this. I don't want him to be dead, and agree that if they do it'd take a departure into the supernatural which isn't what I'd want in TLOU. A psychotic breakdown where Ellie sees hallucinations of him would still be pretty grounded. he doesn't have to be a ghost. Hallucinating isn't supernatural though right? No one is saying he's a literal ghost. Am I the only one who noticed Joel's voice sounded very different in this new trailer than the last of us game? I think you need to replay the original. Sounds the same. Same voice actor. Doubt it, but nice theory. Characters don't die off screen. They'd need to kill him right away in part II. Yeah, but Ellie appears to be at least 3 or 4 years older in the trailer. That's a pretty big gap. They could do some sort of prologue that shows how he died and that she's been on her own ever since. She's older, sure, but that doesn't mean Joel is dead. Also it's pretty obvious Joel understands she's not a kid and can't influence her decisions. Ellie could have easily slipped away (as she's known to do) in order to kill this group that was shown, and in doing so let Joel know that she wasn't going to stop until the deed was done. I'd like to point out we have no clue who these guys are or why Ellie is super pissed off. Though she's always been pretty pissed off so that's not new. I assumed she meant the rest of the fireflies... after what they did to her at the university lab. I assume there's tons more throughout the country and she wants to kill them all. And possibly, they killed Joel shortly after the first story for rescuing her. So she wants revenge Joel's voice sounds as though he can't control what she's doing, and sounds to me like her internal moral voice bothering her as she goes on this long blood rampage by herself. what did they do to her at the lab? They wanted to find a cure and were willing to kill her to do so. We also found out that there were others immune like her that they killed trying to create a cure with no success. Besides prep to cut out her brain? Which she was ok with and wanted. If they're going to lead us to believe he's still alive even though he isn't then epilogue would work best. It would also suck if that's the last thing you see before the game is over, but man would it be powerful. Yes this. I don't want him to be dead, and agree that if they do it'd take a departure into the supernatural which isn't what I'd want in TLOU. A psychotic breakdown where Ellie sees hallucinations of him would still be pretty grounded. he doesn't have to be a ghost. Hallucinating isn't supernatural though right? No one is saying he's a literal ghost. Am I the only one who noticed Joel's voice sounded very different in this new trailer than the last of us game? I think you need to replay the original. Sounds the same. Same voice actor. A psychotic breakdown where Ellie sees hallucinations of him would still be pretty grounded. he doesn't have to be a ghost. Hallucinating isn't supernatural though right? No one is saying he's a literal ghost. I think you need to replay the original. Sounds the same. Same voice actor. Yeah, but Ellie appears to be at least 3 or 4 years older in the trailer. That's a pretty big gap. They could do some sort of prologue that shows how he died and that she's been on her own ever since. She's older, sure, but that doesn't mean Joel is dead. Also it's pretty obvious Joel understands she's not a kid and can't influence her decisions. Ellie could have easily slipped away (as she's known to do) in order to kill this group that was shown, and in doing so let Joel know that she wasn't going to stop until the deed was done. I'd like to point out we have no clue who these guys are or why Ellie is super pissed off. Though she's always been pretty pissed off so that's not new. I assumed she meant the rest of the fireflies... after what they did to her at the university lab. I assume there's tons more throughout the country and she wants to kill them all. And possibly, they killed Joel shortly after the first story for rescuing her. So she wants revenge Joel's voice sounds as though he can't control what she's doing, and sounds to me like her internal moral voice bothering her as she goes on this long blood rampage by herself. what did they do to her at the lab? They wanted to find a cure and were willing to kill her to do so. We also found out that there were others immune like her that they killed trying to create a cure with no success. Besides prep to cut out her brain? Which she was ok with and wanted. If they're going to lead us to believe he's still alive even though he isn't then epilogue would work best. It would also suck if that's the last thing you see before the game is over, but man would it be powerful. She's older, sure, but that doesn't mean Joel is dead. Also it's pretty obvious Joel understands she's not a kid and can't influence her decisions. Ellie could have easily slipped away (as she's known to do) in order to kill this group that was shown, and in doing so let Joel know that she wasn't going to stop until the deed was done. I'd like to point out we have no clue who these guys are or why Ellie is super pissed off. Though she's always been pretty pissed off so that's not new. I assumed she meant the rest of the fireflies... after what they did to her at the university lab. I assume there's tons more throughout the country and she wants to kill them all. And possibly, they killed Joel shortly after the first story for rescuing her. So she wants revenge Joel's voice sounds as though he can't control what she's doing, and sounds to me like her internal moral voice bothering her as she goes on this long blood rampage by herself. what did they do to her at the lab? They wanted to find a cure and were willing to kill her to do so. We also found out that there were others immune like her that they killed trying to create a cure with no success. Besides prep to cut out her brain? Which she was ok with and wanted. If they're going to lead us to believe he's still alive even though he isn't then epilogue would work best. It would also suck if that's the last thing you see before the game is over, but man would it be powerful. I assumed she meant the rest of the fireflies... after what they did to her at the university lab. I assume there's tons more throughout the country and she wants to kill them all. And possibly, they killed Joel shortly after the first story for rescuing her. So she wants revenge Joel's voice sounds as though he can't control what she's doing, and sounds to me like her internal moral voice bothering her as she goes on this long blood rampage by herself. what did they do to her at the lab? They wanted to find a cure and were willing to kill her to do so. We also found out that there were others immune like her that they killed trying to create a cure with no success. Besides prep to cut out her brain? Which she was ok with and wanted. what did they do to her at the lab? They wanted to find a cure and were willing to kill her to do so. We also found out that there were others immune like her that they killed trying to create a cure with no success. Besides prep to cut out her brain? Which she was ok with and wanted. They wanted to find a cure and were willing to kill her to do so. We also found out that there were others immune like her that they killed trying to create a cure with no success. Besides prep to cut out her brain? Which she was ok with and wanted. Which she was ok with and wanted. Or Sully comes in and says "JOEL!!! NOOOOOOOOOO" Of course fucking Sully would survive the apocalypse. Probably just back from banging a few clicker barmaids in Lima. Right after he brought a bloater to church "You brought a bloater to church?" F L Dicks out for Joel Of course fucking Sully would survive the apocalypse. Probably just back from banging a few clicker barmaids in Lima. Right after he brought a bloater to church "You brought a bloater to church?" Right after he brought a bloater to church "You brought a bloater to church?" "You brought a bloater to church?" L My money is on we have him for part of the game, but he dies pretty early on. Not another Sarah incident... The first time is bad enough. :( If it happens (I'm in dennial) I guess it would be something like Tess in the first game. I honestly didn't care that much for Tess. The story centered on Ellie and Joel and the other characters really just didn't cut it for me early on in the game. Don't get me wrong I felt awful when Sarah died; but Tess? I just didn't really care about her. I did like Joel's Brother and a lot of the antagonists of the game though. :) I've started watching the game in youtube (played it a couple of years ago) with my wife who has no interest in video games. She cried so hard when Sarah died we had to take a break. I would say it's probably one of the most intense and heartbreaking scenarios in any game ever made. The mixture of feelings and emotions can really get to you, and that's just the first 15 minutes or so. See, and while Sarah really got to me and brought me to the brink of emotion... Nothing hit me like Sam and Henry. That was not only stabbing the knife, but twisting it too. I sure hope he gets past the tutorial, Sarah is weak for not making further than that tbh. Uhh she had a broken leg and then was shot. Yeah, what a weakling. 😕 with a semi automatic too! only wimps aren't able to handle that Man, you don't fuck around about Sarah. That shit cuts too deep, even now, years later. This is a perfect way of quickly moving on from the devastation one encounters in the beginning of TLOU. If he does die, I hope you see him die, but the entire game is going back in time to recap the events leading to it, so you get all your heartstrings tickled then cry the saddest of tears. Not another Sarah incident... The first time is bad enough. :( If it happens (I'm in dennial) I guess it would be something like Tess in the first game. I honestly didn't care that much for Tess. The story centered on Ellie and Joel and the other characters really just didn't cut it for me early on in the game. Don't get me wrong I felt awful when Sarah died; but Tess? I just didn't really care about her. I did like Joel's Brother and a lot of the antagonists of the game though. :) I've started watching the game in youtube (played it a couple of years ago) with my wife who has no interest in video games. She cried so hard when Sarah died we had to take a break. I would say it's probably one of the most intense and heartbreaking scenarios in any game ever made. The mixture of feelings and emotions can really get to you, and that's just the first 15 minutes or so. See, and while Sarah really got to me and brought me to the brink of emotion... Nothing hit me like Sam and Henry. That was not only stabbing the knife, but twisting it too. I sure hope he gets past the tutorial, Sarah is weak for not making further than that tbh. Uhh she had a broken leg and then was shot. Yeah, what a weakling. 😕 with a semi automatic too! only wimps aren't able to handle that Man, you don't fuck around about Sarah. That shit cuts too deep, even now, years later. This is a perfect way of quickly moving on from the devastation one encounters in the beginning of TLOU. If he does die, I hope you see him die, but the entire game is going back in time to recap the events leading to it, so you get all your heartstrings tickled then cry the saddest of tears. If it happens (I'm in dennial) I guess it would be something like Tess in the first game. I honestly didn't care that much for Tess. The story centered on Ellie and Joel and the other characters really just didn't cut it for me early on in the game. Don't get me wrong I felt awful when Sarah died; but Tess? I just didn't really care about her. I did like Joel's Brother and a lot of the antagonists of the game though. :) I've started watching the game in youtube (played it a couple of years ago) with my wife who has no interest in video games. She cried so hard when Sarah died we had to take a break. I would say it's probably one of the most intense and heartbreaking scenarios in any game ever made. The mixture of feelings and emotions can really get to you, and that's just the first 15 minutes or so. See, and while Sarah really got to me and brought me to the brink of emotion... Nothing hit me like Sam and Henry. That was not only stabbing the knife, but twisting it too. I sure hope he gets past the tutorial, Sarah is weak for not making further than that tbh. Uhh she had a broken leg and then was shot. Yeah, what a weakling. 😕 with a semi automatic too! only wimps aren't able to handle that Man, you don't fuck around about Sarah. That shit cuts too deep, even now, years later. This is a perfect way of quickly moving on from the devastation one encounters in the beginning of TLOU. I honestly didn't care that much for Tess. The story centered on Ellie and Joel and the other characters really just didn't cut it for me early on in the game. Don't get me wrong I felt awful when Sarah died; but Tess? I just didn't really care about her. I did like Joel's Brother and a lot of the antagonists of the game though. :) I would say it's probably one of the most intense and heartbreaking scenarios in any game ever made. The mixture of feelings and emotions can really get to you, and that's just the first 15 minutes or so. See, and while Sarah really got to me and brought me to the brink of emotion... Nothing hit me like Sam and Henry. That was not only stabbing the knife, but twisting it too. See, and while Sarah really got to me and brought me to the brink of emotion... Nothing hit me like Sam and Henry. That was not only stabbing the knife, but twisting it too. Uhh she had a broken leg and then was shot. Yeah, what a weakling. 😕 with a semi automatic too! only wimps aren't able to handle that Man, you don't fuck around about Sarah. That shit cuts too deep, even now, years later. This is a perfect way of quickly moving on from the devastation one encounters in the beginning of TLOU. with a semi automatic too! only wimps aren't able to handle that I was thinking that while watching; well that and "Wow they did a good job on those hands." People always say stuff like this, but if you saw this screenshot when GameCube was current, you'd totally shit. I'm sure I'd shit seeing someone tie a buggie to a horse in whatever year, but I'd still want to take a car in 2016 Do you smell toast? I'm sure I'd shit seeing someone tie a buggie to a horse in whatever year, but I'd still want to take a car in 2016 Do you smell toast? Do you smell toast? Pardon my ignorance, but besides Sixth Sense, who else has done that? On top of my head for the whole "not really there" thing: Call of Duty Reznov For that hacker show The dad Fight Club The friend On top of my head for the whole "not really there" thing: Call of Duty Reznov For that hacker show The dad Fight Club The friend Exactly. Considering how impactful the first game made every character death, they wouldn't just open the 2nd with "btw he dead." Who says the trailer is from the beginning of the game? Could be in the middle or towards the end. eh having the main character die and then reappear a few scenes later as a ghost/hallucination would be a bit weird imo I don't think anyone is implying that's what they would do. You'd probably start playing the game with Ellie and Joel alive and towards the middle/end there's a flashback showing his death and you realize Ellie's been alone all that time. Perfectly possible if they avoid showing Joel communicating with other people. That would be my mind fuck then. I would never let Joel talk to people, so everyone hyped by that theory is paying a lot attention to this and is like "See he NEVER interacts with anyone except Ellie" and then in the last scenes he finally interacts with others. Additional, why the fuck would you kill a character that is at the head of one of the most beloved games in the last decade? It's dumb. Shock value and to show the character who killed him is significant. Different situation, but GTA V did it with Trevor killing Johnny. I think a way better comparison would be Telltale's Walking Dead. have you not watched game of thrones? i would be shocked if we didn't start seeing more main characters being slaughtered. i feel like the difference here is that game of thrones has an entire ensemble of characters and plots and subplots. the last of us is very much joel and ellie's story, so killing off half of that duo would be much more significant. Rip Soap McTavish It honestly barely sounds like his voice in my opinion. Sounds like a voice actor with a higher voice. My take is that Ellie argued with Joel about whatever she's killing these guys for and ran off to do so. Joel eventually catches up to her and sees the carnage. Realizing that she's gonna do this no matter what he asks her "are you really gonna go through with this?" Seems to me this is the most plausible. Reddit and other sites with fandoms just love jerking themselves with convoluted and twisting twists that would put Shyamalan to shame (funnily enough, with a similar idea from one of his movies). I guess it's normal though, since we as spectators have to work with very little time and material to speculate. Also, let's be honest, the theories don't come from someone or a team of people sitting dozens of hours thinking, scratching, analysing, etc the theories they come up with. Yeah at the most, they kill Joel off in a 20 minute preface to the game like they did in the original with his daughter Woah man, that's not true. His daughter just went to live with her mother on a farm in northern oklahoma. :*( Oh yeah, especially since Naughty Dog is one of the few companies that like to keep characters around. Characters are ABSOLUTELY killed "off screen" in all forms of media. I would like to add that killing off one of two main characters in an IP that has seen tremendous success makes very little sense Yeah, but they have kind of said themselves they didn't want to be stuck doing only Joel+Ellie stuff. This may have been a lie, but I can believe they'll introduce different characters now and kill off/end the story of the older ones. It still makes sense, not everyone is a greedy cunt that doesn't know when to end a story in a good manner. Who says the trailer is from the beginning of the game? Could be in the middle or towards the end. eh having the main character die and then reappear a few scenes later as a ghost/hallucination would be a bit weird imo I don't think anyone is implying that's what they would do. You'd probably start playing the game with Ellie and Joel alive and towards the middle/end there's a flashback showing his death and you realize Ellie's been alone all that time. Perfectly possible if they avoid showing Joel communicating with other people. That would be my mind fuck then. I would never let Joel talk to people, so everyone hyped by that theory is paying a lot attention to this and is like "See he NEVER interacts with anyone except Ellie" and then in the last scenes he finally interacts with others. Additional, why the fuck would you kill a character that is at the head of one of the most beloved games in the last decade? It's dumb. Shock value and to show the character who killed him is significant. Different situation, but GTA V did it with Trevor killing Johnny. I think a way better comparison would be Telltale's Walking Dead. have you not watched game of thrones? i would be shocked if we didn't start seeing more main characters being slaughtered. i feel like the difference here is that game of thrones has an entire ensemble of characters and plots and subplots. the last of us is very much joel and ellie's story, so killing off half of that duo would be much more significant. Rip Soap McTavish It honestly barely sounds like his voice in my opinion. Sounds like a voice actor with a higher voice. eh having the main character die and then reappear a few scenes later as a ghost/hallucination would be a bit weird imo That would be my mind fuck then. I would never let Joel talk to people, so everyone hyped by that theory is paying a lot attention to this and is like "See he NEVER interacts with anyone except Ellie" and then in the last scenes he finally interacts with others. Shock value and to show the character who killed him is significant. Different situation, but GTA V did it with Trevor killing Johnny. I think a way better comparison would be Telltale's Walking Dead. have you not watched game of thrones? i would be shocked if we didn't start seeing more main characters being slaughtered. i feel like the difference here is that game of thrones has an entire ensemble of characters and plots and subplots. the last of us is very much joel and ellie's story, so killing off half of that duo would be much more significant. Rip Soap McTavish I think a way better comparison would be Telltale's Walking Dead. i feel like the difference here is that game of thrones has an entire ensemble of characters and plots and subplots. the last of us is very much joel and ellie's story, so killing off half of that duo would be much more significant. Seems to me this is the most plausible. Reddit and other sites with fandoms just love jerking themselves with convoluted and twisting twists that would put Shyamalan to shame (funnily enough, with a similar idea from one of his movies). I guess it's normal though, since we as spectators have to work with very little time and material to speculate. Also, let's be honest, the theories don't come from someone or a team of people sitting dozens of hours thinking, scratching, analysing, etc the theories they come up with. Woah man, that's not true. His daughter just went to live with her mother on a farm in northern oklahoma. :*( Joel promises to teach Ellie guitar towards the end of The Last of Us. The new trailer for Part II shows her playing guitar, which means he kept his word. It's just a cool bit of continuity. The NSFW tag is to hide spoilers but it's useless anyway because OP didn't include the name of the game in the title. The game was pretty scary but the scariest part imo was when you had to keep resetting the generator in the basement of that building. Sometimes I think about replaying this game a 3rd time but I always remember that feeling I got when you fall into the basement. When you see the silhouette of a zombie run across the hallway... Jesus. yup, I jumped. Hard. It's a good thing that controllers aren't wired anymore, I may have yanked it out of the console. When I think about replaying, the main thing that stops me is that only boring part early on after you make it out of the military zone and are climbing through skyscrapers in the rain. Only low point in the game and just meh Are you talking about the points where you're staying out of the light to avoid being spotted by soldiers? If you are, you're crazy that scene was intense. The game wasn't really scary to me other than that part. The dark watery basement in the hotel, had clickers and those bloater guys down there... definitely scariest part in the game. Well that first bit where you have to get through a room in the subway is terrifying too... It's the first time you meet the clickers. That's why I learned that you can just run from them as soon as the generator is on, screw that shit, I ran hard. Agreed. It's one of the few times in 30 years of gaming where I got actual anxiety having to play through a section. I don't play horror games, but I'm guessing you do, do you got more anxiety with the basement part than any other scary games? If so, I feel fine now! I always thought I was too chicken if I was scared of the basement part because I assumed games like Alien:Isolation and Outlast would be ten times worse. Fuck that part. Once it got going I just grabbed the key card and ran to the door. The bloater managed to get a spore bomb off, but I still got through the door with like six of them chasing me. Once I figured out to reset it then run upstairs it was much easier. OMG seriously...zombies freak me out...that level killed me. Great game though, one of my top 5 :) This is where I stopped playing in my play through. Still haven't got passed it. Need to start a new game. This was stupidly fucking difficult on Grounded. The rest of the game was moderately difficult and tense, but man... fuck that basement! I found most stuff cool instead of scary, cept for the generator level. That shit was off the chain! it was a pretty frightening game at times, i can see how it'd be tough to play through. Oh man, I uninstalled "Amnesia" after getting to a specific point. I understand. It still baffles me how people are ballsy enough to even INSTALL the game. Or any horror game for that matter. Im such a wuss when it comes to horror games Amnesia used to scare me until I realized how the monsters were coded. They literally see in a cone in front of them. Very little peripheral vision. Also, you can pull a drawer out of a large dresser, hold it up like a shield and because of how big it is, the monsters literally can't see you, so you can just slide around them. Monsters stop being scary when you can jump on their heads and they either swing wildly or don't give a fuck. Also, the whole "Oh hey, I bet when I loot this item a monster will appear behind me!" grab "Oh look, a monster where I expected one" got old real fast. Haha yeah it's tough, VR would make it unplayable. 2 words: Dread Halls. FUCK. THAT. I was playing Outlast and in the first five minutes got the shit scared out of me by a door closing, that's when I thought of how funny it would be if certain games had a "nope" option that just ended the game with your character ditching the situation. Especially ones that don't give you weapons... Pro tip: passed ≠ past Pro tip: passed = D or higher I'm playing through it for the first time now and I've decided I hate the scavenging aspect. Hate having to check every inch of every room for supplies. Game is great otherwise. So this is a zombie game. Finally, a clue. oh cmon clickers are the fun ones. they cant see you so you get to line up the headshots easy on them..or just make a bunch of molotovs on normal difficulty..throw a brick or glass bottle then toss a molotov. you should play on the harder difficulty settings..those are fun..no "radar" plus way fewer resources..a lot more running away lol good times. i cant wait for TLOU 2 Fun? You think we played TLoU because it was fun? Fuck that. Beat the game, immediately jump to Grounded difficulty, and learn how to hate yourself in ways you didn't think possible. Sometimes I think about replaying this game a 3rd time but I always remember that feeling I got when you fall into the basement. When you see the silhouette of a zombie run across the hallway... Jesus. yup, I jumped. Hard. It's a good thing that controllers aren't wired anymore, I may have yanked it out of the console. When I think about replaying, the main thing that stops me is that only boring part early on after you make it out of the military zone and are climbing through skyscrapers in the rain. Only low point in the game and just meh Are you talking about the points where you're staying out of the light to avoid being spotted by soldiers? If you are, you're crazy that scene was intense. The game wasn't really scary to me other than that part. The dark watery basement in the hotel, had clickers and those bloater guys down there... definitely scariest part in the game. Well that first bit where you have to get through a room in the subway is terrifying too... It's the first time you meet the clickers. That's why I learned that you can just run from them as soon as the generator is on, screw that shit, I ran hard. Agreed. It's one of the few times in 30 years of gaming where I got actual anxiety having to play through a section. I don't play horror games, but I'm guessing you do, do you got more anxiety with the basement part than any other scary games? If so, I feel fine now! I always thought I was too chicken if I was scared of the basement part because I assumed games like Alien:Isolation and Outlast would be ten times worse. Fuck that part. Once it got going I just grabbed the key card and ran to the door. The bloater managed to get a spore bomb off, but I still got through the door with like six of them chasing me. Once I figured out to reset it then run upstairs it was much easier. OMG seriously...zombies freak me out...that level killed me. Great game though, one of my top 5 :) This is where I stopped playing in my play through. Still haven't got passed it. Need to start a new game. This was stupidly fucking difficult on Grounded. The rest of the game was moderately difficult and tense, but man... fuck that basement! I found most stuff cool instead of scary, cept for the generator level. That shit was off the chain! yup, I jumped. Hard. It's a good thing that controllers aren't wired anymore, I may have yanked it out of the console. When I think about replaying, the main thing that stops me is that only boring part early on after you make it out of the military zone and are climbing through skyscrapers in the rain. Only low point in the game and just meh Are you talking about the points where you're staying out of the light to avoid being spotted by soldiers? If you are, you're crazy that scene was intense. Are you talking about the points where you're staying out of the light to avoid being spotted by soldiers? If you are, you're crazy that scene was intense. Well that first bit where you have to get through a room in the subway is terrifying too... It's the first time you meet the clickers. That's why I learned that you can just run from them as soon as the generator is on, screw that shit, I ran hard. I don't play horror games, but I'm guessing you do, do you got more anxiety with the basement part than any other scary games? If so, I feel fine now! I always thought I was too chicken if I was scared of the basement part because I assumed games like Alien:Isolation and Outlast would be ten times worse. It still baffles me how people are ballsy enough to even INSTALL the game. Or any horror game for that matter. Im such a wuss when it comes to horror games Amnesia used to scare me until I realized how the monsters were coded. They literally see in a cone in front of them. Very little peripheral vision. Also, you can pull a drawer out of a large dresser, hold it up like a shield and because of how big it is, the monsters literally can't see you, so you can just slide around them. Monsters stop being scary when you can jump on their heads and they either swing wildly or don't give a fuck. Also, the whole "Oh hey, I bet when I loot this item a monster will appear behind me!" grab "Oh look, a monster where I expected one" got old real fast. Haha yeah it's tough, VR would make it unplayable. 2 words: Dread Halls. FUCK. THAT. I was playing Outlast and in the first five minutes got the shit scared out of me by a door closing, that's when I thought of how funny it would be if certain games had a "nope" option that just ended the game with your character ditching the situation. Especially ones that don't give you weapons... Amnesia used to scare me until I realized how the monsters were coded. They literally see in a cone in front of them. Very little peripheral vision. Also, you can pull a drawer out of a large dresser, hold it up like a shield and because of how big it is, the monsters literally can't see you, so you can just slide around them. Monsters stop being scary when you can jump on their heads and they either swing wildly or don't give a fuck. Also, the whole "Oh hey, I bet when I loot this item a monster will appear behind me!" grab "Oh look, a monster where I expected one" got old real fast. Haha yeah it's tough, VR would make it unplayable. 2 words: Dread Halls. FUCK. THAT. I was playing Outlast and in the first five minutes got the shit scared out of me by a door closing, that's when I thought of how funny it would be if certain games had a "nope" option that just ended the game with your character ditching the situation. Especially ones that don't give you weapons... 2 words: Dread Halls. FUCK. THAT. Pro tip: passed = D or higher Fun? You think we played TLoU because it was fun? Fuck that. Beat the game, immediately jump to Grounded difficulty, and learn how to hate yourself in ways you didn't think possible. People usually mark their posts as NSFW so that there thumbnail is hidden, to hide any spoilers in it. In this case, it's pretty fucking useless considering OP didn't put the name of the game in the title so it would be spoiled anyway once you clicked not knowing what game the post will be. I'm fairly certain it is The Last of Us, however I don't get the reference either. Watch the last of us 2 teaser Watch the last of us 2 teaser I have a PS3 hooked up to a TV with 720 resolution and it looks way better than this. TLOU:P2 FTFY TLOU2:P2:EB 2L2U:P2:EB 2 Last 2 Usurious? TLOU2:P2:EB 2L2U:P2:EB 2 Last 2 Usurious? 2L2U:P2:EB 2 Last 2 Usurious? 2 Last 2 Usurious? If it sucks, it doesn't take anything away from the first game. I beat The Last of Us for the first time yesterday, and I absolutely loved it. I'd like to see the story continued because we didn't get an end. Ellie was going to find out sooner or later that Joel lied. I mean, they went back to the dam with Tommy, and Tommy is an ex Firefly that has to have some old ties to the organization. The ending we got was a bubble. It was the end of Joel's story because Joel had found something to live for after he'd been in survival mode forever. He got a life back for a minute. It was nowhere close to the end of Ellie's story, though. And she never got a choice in her life. I guess I felt it ended her story as well. Ellie trusted Joel. She woke up after the climax of the game. Joel said it didn't work. She was still groggy and this man who had saved her a dozen times before had her safe on the back seat of a truck traveling. She took him at his word and tried to recover from what I imagine was a splitting headache. But as they got closer to "home" little things in her head didn't add up. She thought about it over and over. Little inconsistencies rattling around in her head. "Why don't I remember anything? Why didn't they wake me up? Why couldn't they find a cure after all that? I still haven't turned, this bite is basically healed at this point. Why couldn't they do anything with that information?" She finally confronted Joel. And this man, Joel. This man she trusted, she saved, she spent an entire year with lied to her face without hesitation. Her face said it all: She's alone. It doesn't matter the details, what happens when they get back, when she inevitably finds out the truth (it will always come out) She either is going to have to live a convenient lie, or face a horrendous truth. All her teenage mind can muster to say as a reaction to this flood of emotions and logical conclusions is "O.K." https://i.ytimg.com/vi/VoZeHxRZmTU/maxresdefault.jpg That was my take on it, anyway. And why I'm not exactly thrilled for a sequel. I guess I felt it ended her story as well. Ellie trusted Joel. She woke up after the climax of the game. Joel said it didn't work. She was still groggy and this man who had saved her a dozen times before had her safe on the back seat of a truck traveling. She took him at his word and tried to recover from what I imagine was a splitting headache. But as they got closer to "home" little things in her head didn't add up. She thought about it over and over. Little inconsistencies rattling around in her head. "Why don't I remember anything? Why didn't they wake me up? Why couldn't they find a cure after all that? I still haven't turned, this bite is basically healed at this point. Why couldn't they do anything with that information?" She finally confronted Joel. And this man, Joel. This man she trusted, she saved, she spent an entire year with lied to her face without hesitation. Her face said it all: She's alone. It doesn't matter the details, what happens when they get back, when she inevitably finds out the truth (it will always come out) She either is going to have to live a convenient lie, or face a horrendous truth. All her teenage mind can muster to say as a reaction to this flood of emotions and logical conclusions is "O.K." https://i.ytimg.com/vi/VoZeHxRZmTU/maxresdefault.jpg That was my take on it, anyway. And why I'm not exactly thrilled for a sequel. Marlene was like Ellie's aunt, but I honestly think that Joel is more important to her. They're basically a father and daughter by the end of the game, Joel even calls Ellie his baby girl and she trusts him so much that even when he lies to her about the fireflies, she's on the verge of tears, but is willing to go along with the lie because she trusts that he made the right call. Joel is definitely more important to her. I'm not disputing that. I just think some people have jumped to conclusions. Someone mentioned how Joel seemed to 'materialise' in the trailer suggesting he's a ghost. I'm like, it's a trailer, it's supposed to be mysterious. Plus he was in direct sunlight. I don't buy the 'Joel is dead the whole game' theory either. I don't actually have a theory for it, I just think it's a really well done trailer. "Ellie has a badass tattoo now" was mostly what I took away from the trailer. Me too. I'm just looking forward to seeing where her character goes. I love the idea of her being this badass mini Lara Croft but also am terrified at the prospect of her becoming a ruthless young woman. Joel is definitely more important to her. I'm not disputing that. I just think some people have jumped to conclusions. Someone mentioned how Joel seemed to 'materialise' in the trailer suggesting he's a ghost. I'm like, it's a trailer, it's supposed to be mysterious. Plus he was in direct sunlight. I don't buy the 'Joel is dead the whole game' theory either. I don't actually have a theory for it, I just think it's a really well done trailer. "Ellie has a badass tattoo now" was mostly what I took away from the trailer. Me too. I'm just looking forward to seeing where her character goes. I love the idea of her being this badass mini Lara Croft but also am terrified at the prospect of her becoming a ruthless young woman. I don't buy the 'Joel is dead the whole game' theory either. I don't actually have a theory for it, I just think it's a really well done trailer. "Ellie has a badass tattoo now" was mostly what I took away from the trailer. Me too. I'm just looking forward to seeing where her character goes. I love the idea of her being this badass mini Lara Croft but also am terrified at the prospect of her becoming a ruthless young woman. Me too. I'm just looking forward to seeing where her character goes. I love the idea of her being this badass mini Lara Croft but also am terrified at the prospect of her becoming a ruthless young woman. Fucking graphics man, you get fired for that shit! NSFW is used on certain subreddits, like r/gaming and r/darksouls to indicate spoilers in the post NSFW for non smutty posts is meant to help avoid spoilers. NSFW posts art automatically hidden so you must click on it to show the post. The Last of Us What's a hobby you just absolutely fucking love? Or imagine your favorite movie ever, and then later there's a sequel and you go see it, and while watching, you notice a detail that you remember being casually mentioned in the first. It's appreciative continuity to the storytelling. The JPG. because spoiler Beyond two souls Good game. What is qte Quick Time Event. Quick Time Event, basically a prompt shows up on the screen to press a button to continue the action. It means cutie and it's when the game gets really cute and makes you press specific buttons in a small time frame in a pass/fail kind of way. Kinda like in Resident Evil 4 where a monster would kill you if you didnt press A when it tells you to press A. Qte actually means quick time event I hope not. Good game. Quick Time Event. Quick Time Event, basically a prompt shows up on the screen to press a button to continue the action. It means cutie and it's when the game gets really cute and makes you press specific buttons in a small time frame in a pass/fail kind of way. Kinda like in Resident Evil 4 where a monster would kill you if you didnt press A when it tells you to press A. Qte actually means quick time event Potato screenshot [deleted] Maybe, but wouldn't you see the edges of the tv? And if it was close enough to not see those edges you'd definitely see the pixels on the tv. Yeah, I looked at it again. But the resolution is waaay down, definitely not in game graphics Maybe, but wouldn't you see the edges of the tv? And if it was close enough to not see those edges you'd definitely see the pixels on the tv. Yeah, I looked at it again. But the resolution is waaay down, definitely not in game graphics Yeah, I looked at it again. But the resolution is waaay down, definitely not in game graphics Watch the The Last of Us Part 2 trailer. you have not watched the new trailer I see... watch the new trailer/video they released and you will know if he is or not. That's actually pretty fucking neat. This should be next GTA + RDR. It's the next original idea. Same place different time, but what you do in the past effects your own future... Sorta like what happened in Ocarina of Time and Oracle of Ages? Oracle of Ages and Seasons were fucking awesome games. I'm playing Seasons right now and thoroughly enjoying it. I love the top down Zelda games so much. I'd recommend playing Ages as well if you haven't yet. Their stories connect in some cool ways. Yeah, I'm definitely going to play ages when I finish seasons! Thanks for the recommendation though. You'll get a special password at the end of the game. When creating a new save in the second game you have an option "secret". Fill in the password from the first and the new save will have the same name, an extra heart and your companion is the same. Choices made in the first game might come back as reference in the second and you'll get the true ending. Tldr.. worth it! I just played Oracle of Ages... in what aspects do they connect? And what happened when you used the code at the end of one game on the other? Sorta like a new game plus..You get an extra boss at the end and hidden items? I haven't played in years so I can't exactly remember. Yeah, I think you needed items from one version to unlock secrets in the other. Both games were really cool, though. I don't remember which one I liked more. OMG that's so much bank robbing potential... But then the shop owner electrocutes you the next time and you get a permanent name change Thank you for reminding me of this game. I had no idea what to do when I got to the first town. I only realized just now that you could push one of the characters listening to the lady sing to progress in the story... I have had this game for over 13 years and can finally continue.. And Chrono Trigger. Wait, you mean like using the Delorean in Los Santos to drive back to Red Dead Redemption western town? YOU MEAN JUST LIKE BACK TO THE FUTURE 3?! Cause if they made a GTA/RDR time travelling mashup... So Day of the Tentacle meets GTA? Oh my. One of my most favourite games ever. I truly wish the true 'point n click' genre can come back. 'Lucas Arts' stuff was amazing. I just don't think the market is there anymore for the 'true' point n click games. The Monkey Island series is up there with the best games ever made...imho of course. I really miss that genre of games. In case you havent seen it - https://thimbleweedpark.com/ This is currently in developement, and its being made by the creator of Monkey Island 1&2 There are still some solid games out there. Maybe not to the level of the Lucas Arts games, but Broken Sword and Dreamfall/Longest Journey are all pretty solid. Check out adventuregamers.com for some little known games that don't have the press but aren't half bad. Broken Age was a lot of fun, too. Although, I just downloaded SCUMMVM the other day and I'm playing through Fate of Atlantis for the 50th time over the last 20 years. Double edged sword there though. Places like that are where you find those perfect games that balance everything just right. Then you get mad because you can never get it back and it can never be recreated just the same again. Same here, I'm having a blast replaying the old Simon the Sorceror games on my phone. Not quite as brilliant as Guybrush but very entertaining and I forgotten all the puzzles since its been 20 years! There's a series of mobile games/fantasy novels called Sorcery! and that is a core mechanic to one of the games. Aw sweet its grand theft auto, you can tell its grand theft auto by the way it is. How neat is that! That's pretty neat! The neatest! They don't think it be like it is, but I do Greatest satirical NDT quote of all time It's an Oscar Gamble quote... http://i.imgur.com/W9O3DDo.jpg Everyone forgets that it came from a baseball player, and just assumes it was born in a meme. It makes me sad. It's one of the best baseball quotes ever. You can tell it's an aspen tree by the way it is😂 No it's GTA. C- Apply yourself. You can tell it's GTA by the way it is. Well that's pretty neat. GTA, apply directly to the forehead. That's real fuckin' neat-o. https://imgur.com/a/jYo8i Ok Marty, You have to stop the train! DAMNIT CJ! All you had to do was follow the delorean! All you had to do was follow the damn 'Lorean! FTFY Why was that mission so difficult like God damn Why was that mission so difficult like God damn Why was that mission so difficult like GREAT SCOTT! Because there is a problem with the earth's gravitational pull. That's heavy, doc. There's that word again, "heavy." Big Smoke was dumb as shit and couldn't hit water if he fell out of a boat, so not only did you have to drive a fairly difficult route, you had to shoot a metric fuck-ton of bad guys who apparently could outsoot Chris fucking Kyle. Didn't CJ say that to Smoke one time? That he couldn't hit water if he fell out of a boat? I think it was the other guy. Rida? Rider? Idk but I thought the same thing. Ryder trick is to keep more distance from the train, really fucking easy then. didn't know that either back in the day. Regardless of how you do it, Big Smoke is a fucking terrible shot. The scene where you find out he's betraying you had no effect on me because I already hated that dude. I've done it a few times since, if you keep a good distance smoke can easily shoot them all before you even go through the first tunnel out of los santos. He keeps hitting the train if you're too close to it. It's not him being a terrible shot. It's you being a terrible drive-by pilot making the shooter not having the right angle to the target. Ahh the finer points of gangland drive by shootings. You need to eat well to pull them off. I suggest two number 9's, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45's; one with cheese, and a large soda. Shit, he probably betrayed you to pay his debt to cluckin' bell. What I find really funny is that is nowhere near the hardest mission on GTA:SA (well, the hardest one you need to complete the game). That award goes to motherfucking Supply Lines which Rockstar actually had to patch in later releases. It took me over 50 attempts to beat it and I only did by the skin of my teeth. Was that the one with the rc planes? IIRC, yes. Thats the most frustrating missions I remember from GTA:SA. The trick is boarding the top of the train with the bike and killing them yourself. I saw a speed runner do this and it changed my life. A-A-Aw geez Rick! That sounds really dangerous! Wow. For some reason I always saw the Rick <-> Doc Brown link as both being kinda weird old scientists, but never saw the obvious Morty <-> Marty link... I believe the original title of the show was "Doc and Mharti", this was back when the running gag was Doc forcing Mharti to lick his balls. Link for those who are curious of Rick and Morty's not-so-humble origins [NSFW] the most realistic thing in that video are ricks balls The most realistic thing about the entire universe is Rick's balls Just a heads-up, folks, this one is really NSFW but funny as hell. holy shit is that where Rick's "Lick, lick, lick my balls... Haha yeah I say that all the time!" comes from? Yes How the hell is that allowed on YouTube? That was my first question. You can find pornography on YouTube if you search long enough so who cares. Or do something like work or sleep while autoplay does its magic and you come back later to see what weird side of YouTube rngesus landed you on. Yeah well maybe if Mharti didn't get his damn kite stuck in the tree, he wouldn't have to lick balls He has to jerk him off, too. *gets to. I like the cut of your jib. Lick, lick, lick my balls! Haha, yeah, say that all the time! rewatching bttf recently and the inspiration is obvious. 'Terrorist Marty, Libyan terrorists' 'awww geeze doc, why, why is this happening' 'my uranium marty, they are after the uranium' 'wh wh what the hell are you doing with uranium??' 'i COULD EXPLAIN, BUT IT IS TIME TO RUN MORTY, OR THEY ARE GONNA KILL US' I want to re-write the BTTF script but in R&M format. I want a complete re-dub done by Justin Roiland ad libbing To RDR then! For those who care to watch the full video, neebs gaming is pretty fucking funny "All you had to do was get pushed by the damn train!" "You have to lick my balls, Mharti! It's the only way!" "I always thought you were just really friendly and hated pants." Wait what's that line from? Saints rows I wanna say futurama. That sounds right but I think it's Saints Row You are correct. Don't know why I hear benders voice, when I read that. DLC? Where we're going we don't need DLC. Said right before the introduction of Shark Cards. Seriously. Fuck Rockstar for making the DLC content so fucking expensive! The DLC is so expensive because otherwise people wouldn't have an incentive to go and buy some Shark Cards. Original video — Rage Cop: TIME MACHINE Let me help out your gif there a little, OP Why does Op's look so much worse than yours? I guess a better question is why does yours looks so much better? Because OP has like 5 frames. OP's also doesn't let you look around when the car gets back in time. Difference between the gifv and regular gif format. Gifv is a WebM or MP4 video set to work normally like a gif, but with increased quality and generally quicker load times because the files are much smaller (in most cases). Jesus you're missing out if you don't see this better version Fucking thank you so much, from the bottom of my heart thank you. You're doing God's work son. You're the freaking best. I love you. NEEEBS best gaming channel will solve world peace!!! That voice... Sounds a lot like the engineer from BFFs. It is. Is it? It's appsro You mean /u/appsro ? Wassup!!!! Glad people are sharing the vid! Love seeing you guys get the spotlight! It was a great rage cop, we need more Simon though. P.s. Also tell Anthony I'm sorry for ripping him so hard on his BF1 let's play video. Keep up the great work! Your guys' content is only getting better Definitely the best rage cop to date I love Rage Cop! Favorite GTA machinima series ever! Hey i dont know if anybody has told you but.."it is" It is. giphy sucks, link directly to the gif, not to a cluttered webpage. Burnout Paradise had the "Delorean" and it even hovered and laid fire marks. Loved that car Oh yeah! And an Ecto-1 Fookin DLC. Still best racing series of all time. Horizon 3 just knocked it from the top. "THIS CANT GET ANY WORSE HOLY SHIT IM BLACK" "ALL YOU HAD TO DO, WAS REACH 88 CJ!" - THEY FOUND GROVE STREET! - Who? - THE LIBYANS! I laughed so so hard at that in the video. God I love these guys and everything they do. Even back as far as the doraleous cartoon. What would really be awesome is when it hit 88 mph, it transported you to Red Dead Redemption Jesus Christ Back to the Future could be an awesome game. Closest I've seen. I find it funny that they based the Delorean off one of the faster cars. In reality, the Delorean had a pretty slow engine for a sports car, and it's one of the reasons it didn't sell. Very true. It's a good thing there are mods in real life too, though. That, the build quality was literal shit, as in they had a second factory in LA to rebuild the brand new cars. And people wonder why Ireland had no manufacturers. Another was the stainless steel was over fiberglass, so the car was really heavy, Doc. Literal shit? Heh, I was expecting this. Fffuuuu-- I hardly ever got to pick out a game when I was little, and when I finally did get the rare opportunity to pick and buy a game, I would always be excited as fuck to get back home. Now imagine my disappointment when I popped this steaming piece of shit game cartridge into my NES after being such a huge fan of the movies. That AVGN video sums it up perfectly. This is the one I was thinking of too. Gah. Nightmares from my childhood. That has got to be the greatest mod of all time Driver Parallel lines is a GTA-style(ish) game that lets you play New York in both 1978 and 2006, it swaps between the two at some point during the campaign (I think when you finish you can swap between both times at will, but I don't remember). I know it's not entirely what you're after, but it's got the same idea. Yes you can call a number in your rad flip phone and you go back to the other time where there is a yellow filter meanwhile 2006 had a blue one. It was one of my favorite games because it was the first I played where you could get out of the car and run around. Jesus Christ: Back to the Future Yup, I'd play it. Jesus Christ: Back to the Future: Revenge of the Crucified Imagine driving around and blasting back and forth between the time periods. I'd buy the shit outta that game. (No I would not preorder I know the rules.) It would be even better if your actions in the past affected the current world, and not just as part of a predetermined story but in a sandbox style. Go in the past and plant some trees and see their grown versions in the future. Maybe there would even be random changes to your changes, so blowing up a building in the past might have you find in the future that someone built a church or grocery store on that spot. You could kill someone in the past and come back to the future to find a memorial or even that you the person's son became mayor and cracked down so hard on crime that police are everywhere. It would have the potential to be super layered and complex for sure. The crysis mod looked pretty good. https://youtu.be/qykCHvm4EOo Was the Back to the Future Telltale game any good? I really enjoyed their Game of Thrones attempt. it is an awesome game! http://store.steampowered.com/app/31290/ That's just a Telltale game, which is really just an interactive movie. I think he was referring to an actual GTA-or-Mafia-styled BttF game The only thing I can envision is that you travel travel between the different time periods, the 1880's, 1950's, 1980's and 2010's I guess. And somehow everything you change in the past is carried over into every future world? Imagine the processing power that would require! Forget processing power, think about the man power to build out all those different time periods - they'd basically have to build assets for 4 different games lol And then work out dynamically how the past worlds would affect the future worlds, and make all the assets for that. Sounds really fucking cool, but not very practical. Sounds more than practical to me. Most of GTA and sandbox games are full of buildings you can't enter and reused assets anyway. AAA developers have set the bar really low for what to expect from games given how much money they bring in. Chrono Trigger did this on the Super Nintendo 20+ years ago, multiple timelines and things you do in the past affecting the future worlds. I dream that one day my grandchildren will have VR for games like that. Hey cousin, you know that new bowling alley you've been looking for? Hey its me ur niko This reminds me of those special edition games that came out for a bit where you could switch between the old version and new version on the fly. Halo did it, The Curse Of Monkey Island did it too. The Curse Of Monkey Island Actually they only did Special Editions for The Secret of Monkey Island and Monkey Island 2: LeChuck's Revenge. I'd love to see something similar done for the Curse of Monkey Island as the native resolution for that is stuck at 640x480. It would be a different exercise, though, as the art isn't the pixel art of the first two games and I think it still holds up today. It even had full voice acting. Fallout 3 and New Vegas have a mod that let's you do it as well, and it works EXTREMELY well. All your info and inventory switches over as well. Tale of two wastelands? Wait what holy shit? Link? https://taleoftwowastelands.com/ Tale of Two Wastelands mod https://taleoftwowastelands.com/ also in Duke Nukem 3D: anniversary Neebs Gaming!!! Favorite channel PROOOOMOOOOTEEEED! Driver San Francisco did this for a little Easter egg. When you drove the DeLorean at 88 mph, you were time warped to the first level of Driver 1, complete with wibbly PlayStation 1 graphics. Holy shit could we ban giphy.com from this sub or something? Reminds me of this amazing Crysis mod It's a shame nothing ever happened with it. Incredible mod. If they could have figured out how to have multiple universes in the game, I could see that becoming really fun. "Everyone in 1955 was on fire! I never knew that." - Peter Griffin It would really awesome if travelling back in time took you to LA Noire. NEEBS Gaming!! Ahah never realized how similar they were till now Had a little idea that GTA might be pretty good in a futuristic settings. Could be pretty damn cool actually Rage cop is awsome. I love his channel and needs gameing. oh man, i remember back when the back to the future mod was on vice city, it was so bloody amazing, transporting from time to time, avoiding cops and etc. The best part was if u set the time circuits of the delorean for example like 5 minutes into the future and then either drop it off a tall building or hit it with the KITT (in super fast mode, what-ever it was called), the delorean will travel through time, then when you wait for 5 minutes, it pops up. I thought that was brilliant. How is the BTTF mods on the newer gta games? Neebs Gaming on the front page, awesome! "When this baby hits 88 miles per hour, you're gonna see some seriously shit graphics." (Sorry.) Is it just me, or is gify complete shit compared to gyfcat? edit: grammar Was not expecting that ending, damn cool! PC to Console trans-dimensional travel. Honestly why don't we have an open world BttF game? There are so many possibilities! I was expecting Red dead redemption BRING ME BACK TO VICE CITY Wait, why has there not been a sandbox time traveling game yet where you can travel to different periods and the choices you make in the past segments effect the current day? NEEBS! PROMOTED!!! Neebs Neebsgaming! My absolute favorite gaming Channel I must go on record as saying that I have played GTA VI (in a dream). That game starts with you waking up in the back of some 'random' car. Almost as if after a long night of drinking... Some guy (I swear it was Tony) walks up and sees me and says, "who the fuck are you and what are you doing in my car?" Being rather groggy and unclear, I answer something like "I don't know." He then says I'm dead an proceeds to throw a punch at my face, hence the beginning of gameplay.. My first task was to catch his fist my my hand, which I did in first-person. A few seconds later after some struggle, he says something like "wait a minute, don't I know you?! Aren't you so-and-so?". I was then presented with a couple of options. I 'spoke' the answer 'yeah man'. We caught up yadda yadda dream forgetfulness... The next part I remember involved the driving.. THERE WAS NONE... Cars in this game were autonomous. You merely had to tell it where to go and it drove itself there. I think I became semi-conscious around that time and decided to bring up the map to pick somewhere local to my real-life self. Then an 8-bit Mario or Excite Bike shit started overlapping the map. I forget anything else after this. I think I had to piss and woke up or some shit.. You must lick my balls Mharti !! Dude, GTA has it all. A near perfect game I would totally play a back to the future type game where the levels in the past feature dated graphics. The further you go the closer to 8 bit and atari it gets. Maybe even a MUD level. This should be next GTA + RDR. It's the next original idea. Same place different time, but what you do in the past effects your own future... Sorta like what happened in Ocarina of Time and Oracle of Ages? Oracle of Ages and Seasons were fucking awesome games. I'm playing Seasons right now and thoroughly enjoying it. I love the top down Zelda games so much. I'd recommend playing Ages as well if you haven't yet. Their stories connect in some cool ways. Yeah, I'm definitely going to play ages when I finish seasons! Thanks for the recommendation though. You'll get a special password at the end of the game. When creating a new save in the second game you have an option "secret". Fill in the password from the first and the new save will have the same name, an extra heart and your companion is the same. Choices made in the first game might come back as reference in the second and you'll get the true ending. Tldr.. worth it! I just played Oracle of Ages... in what aspects do they connect? And what happened when you used the code at the end of one game on the other? Sorta like a new game plus..You get an extra boss at the end and hidden items? I haven't played in years so I can't exactly remember. Yeah, I think you needed items from one version to unlock secrets in the other. Both games were really cool, though. I don't remember which one I liked more. OMG that's so much bank robbing potential... But then the shop owner electrocutes you the next time and you get a permanent name change Thank you for reminding me of this game. I had no idea what to do when I got to the first town. I only realized just now that you could push one of the characters listening to the lady sing to progress in the story... I have had this game for over 13 years and can finally continue.. And Chrono Trigger. Wait, you mean like using the Delorean in Los Santos to drive back to Red Dead Redemption western town? YOU MEAN JUST LIKE BACK TO THE FUTURE 3?! Cause if they made a GTA/RDR time travelling mashup... So Day of the Tentacle meets GTA? Oh my. One of my most favourite games ever. I truly wish the true 'point n click' genre can come back. 'Lucas Arts' stuff was amazing. I just don't think the market is there anymore for the 'true' point n click games. The Monkey Island series is up there with the best games ever made...imho of course. I really miss that genre of games. In case you havent seen it - https://thimbleweedpark.com/ This is currently in developement, and its being made by the creator of Monkey Island 1&2 There are still some solid games out there. Maybe not to the level of the Lucas Arts games, but Broken Sword and Dreamfall/Longest Journey are all pretty solid. Check out adventuregamers.com for some little known games that don't have the press but aren't half bad. Broken Age was a lot of fun, too. Although, I just downloaded SCUMMVM the other day and I'm playing through Fate of Atlantis for the 50th time over the last 20 years. Double edged sword there though. Places like that are where you find those perfect games that balance everything just right. Then you get mad because you can never get it back and it can never be recreated just the same again. Same here, I'm having a blast replaying the old Simon the Sorceror games on my phone. Not quite as brilliant as Guybrush but very entertaining and I forgotten all the puzzles since its been 20 years! There's a series of mobile games/fantasy novels called Sorcery! and that is a core mechanic to one of the games. Aw sweet its grand theft auto, you can tell its grand theft auto by the way it is. How neat is that! That's pretty neat! The neatest! They don't think it be like it is, but I do Greatest satirical NDT quote of all time It's an Oscar Gamble quote... http://i.imgur.com/W9O3DDo.jpg Everyone forgets that it came from a baseball player, and just assumes it was born in a meme. It makes me sad. It's one of the best baseball quotes ever. You can tell it's an aspen tree by the way it is😂 No it's GTA. C- Apply yourself. You can tell it's GTA by the way it is. Well that's pretty neat. GTA, apply directly to the forehead. That's real fuckin' neat-o. https://imgur.com/a/jYo8i Sorta like what happened in Ocarina of Time and Oracle of Ages? Oracle of Ages and Seasons were fucking awesome games. I'm playing Seasons right now and thoroughly enjoying it. I love the top down Zelda games so much. I'd recommend playing Ages as well if you haven't yet. Their stories connect in some cool ways. Yeah, I'm definitely going to play ages when I finish seasons! Thanks for the recommendation though. You'll get a special password at the end of the game. When creating a new save in the second game you have an option "secret". Fill in the password from the first and the new save will have the same name, an extra heart and your companion is the same. Choices made in the first game might come back as reference in the second and you'll get the true ending. Tldr.. worth it! I just played Oracle of Ages... in what aspects do they connect? And what happened when you used the code at the end of one game on the other? Sorta like a new game plus..You get an extra boss at the end and hidden items? I haven't played in years so I can't exactly remember. Yeah, I think you needed items from one version to unlock secrets in the other. Both games were really cool, though. I don't remember which one I liked more. OMG that's so much bank robbing potential... But then the shop owner electrocutes you the next time and you get a permanent name change Thank you for reminding me of this game. I had no idea what to do when I got to the first town. I only realized just now that you could push one of the characters listening to the lady sing to progress in the story... I have had this game for over 13 years and can finally continue.. And Chrono Trigger. Wait, you mean like using the Delorean in Los Santos to drive back to Red Dead Redemption western town? YOU MEAN JUST LIKE BACK TO THE FUTURE 3?! Cause if they made a GTA/RDR time travelling mashup... So Day of the Tentacle meets GTA? Oh my. One of my most favourite games ever. I truly wish the true 'point n click' genre can come back. 'Lucas Arts' stuff was amazing. I just don't think the market is there anymore for the 'true' point n click games. The Monkey Island series is up there with the best games ever made...imho of course. I really miss that genre of games. In case you havent seen it - https://thimbleweedpark.com/ This is currently in developement, and its being made by the creator of Monkey Island 1&2 There are still some solid games out there. Maybe not to the level of the Lucas Arts games, but Broken Sword and Dreamfall/Longest Journey are all pretty solid. Check out adventuregamers.com for some little known games that don't have the press but aren't half bad. Broken Age was a lot of fun, too. Although, I just downloaded SCUMMVM the other day and I'm playing through Fate of Atlantis for the 50th time over the last 20 years. Double edged sword there though. Places like that are where you find those perfect games that balance everything just right. Then you get mad because you can never get it back and it can never be recreated just the same again. Same here, I'm having a blast replaying the old Simon the Sorceror games on my phone. Not quite as brilliant as Guybrush but very entertaining and I forgotten all the puzzles since its been 20 years! There's a series of mobile games/fantasy novels called Sorcery! and that is a core mechanic to one of the games. Oracle of Ages and Seasons were fucking awesome games. I'm playing Seasons right now and thoroughly enjoying it. I love the top down Zelda games so much. I'd recommend playing Ages as well if you haven't yet. Their stories connect in some cool ways. Yeah, I'm definitely going to play ages when I finish seasons! Thanks for the recommendation though. You'll get a special password at the end of the game. When creating a new save in the second game you have an option "secret". Fill in the password from the first and the new save will have the same name, an extra heart and your companion is the same. Choices made in the first game might come back as reference in the second and you'll get the true ending. Tldr.. worth it! I just played Oracle of Ages... in what aspects do they connect? And what happened when you used the code at the end of one game on the other? Sorta like a new game plus..You get an extra boss at the end and hidden items? I haven't played in years so I can't exactly remember. Yeah, I think you needed items from one version to unlock secrets in the other. Both games were really cool, though. I don't remember which one I liked more. OMG that's so much bank robbing potential... But then the shop owner electrocutes you the next time and you get a permanent name change Thank you for reminding me of this game. I had no idea what to do when I got to the first town. I only realized just now that you could push one of the characters listening to the lady sing to progress in the story... I have had this game for over 13 years and can finally continue.. And Chrono Trigger. I'm playing Seasons right now and thoroughly enjoying it. I love the top down Zelda games so much. I'd recommend playing Ages as well if you haven't yet. Their stories connect in some cool ways. Yeah, I'm definitely going to play ages when I finish seasons! Thanks for the recommendation though. You'll get a special password at the end of the game. When creating a new save in the second game you have an option "secret". Fill in the password from the first and the new save will have the same name, an extra heart and your companion is the same. Choices made in the first game might come back as reference in the second and you'll get the true ending. Tldr.. worth it! I just played Oracle of Ages... in what aspects do they connect? And what happened when you used the code at the end of one game on the other? Sorta like a new game plus..You get an extra boss at the end and hidden items? I haven't played in years so I can't exactly remember. Yeah, I think you needed items from one version to unlock secrets in the other. Both games were really cool, though. I don't remember which one I liked more. OMG that's so much bank robbing potential... But then the shop owner electrocutes you the next time and you get a permanent name change Thank you for reminding me of this game. I had no idea what to do when I got to the first town. I only realized just now that you could push one of the characters listening to the lady sing to progress in the story... I have had this game for over 13 years and can finally continue.. I'd recommend playing Ages as well if you haven't yet. Their stories connect in some cool ways. Yeah, I'm definitely going to play ages when I finish seasons! Thanks for the recommendation though. You'll get a special password at the end of the game. When creating a new save in the second game you have an option "secret". Fill in the password from the first and the new save will have the same name, an extra heart and your companion is the same. Choices made in the first game might come back as reference in the second and you'll get the true ending. Tldr.. worth it! I just played Oracle of Ages... in what aspects do they connect? And what happened when you used the code at the end of one game on the other? Sorta like a new game plus..You get an extra boss at the end and hidden items? I haven't played in years so I can't exactly remember. Yeah, I think you needed items from one version to unlock secrets in the other. Both games were really cool, though. I don't remember which one I liked more. OMG that's so much bank robbing potential... But then the shop owner electrocutes you the next time and you get a permanent name change Yeah, I'm definitely going to play ages when I finish seasons! Thanks for the recommendation though. You'll get a special password at the end of the game. When creating a new save in the second game you have an option "secret". Fill in the password from the first and the new save will have the same name, an extra heart and your companion is the same. Choices made in the first game might come back as reference in the second and you'll get the true ending. Tldr.. worth it! I just played Oracle of Ages... in what aspects do they connect? And what happened when you used the code at the end of one game on the other? Sorta like a new game plus..You get an extra boss at the end and hidden items? I haven't played in years so I can't exactly remember. Yeah, I think you needed items from one version to unlock secrets in the other. Both games were really cool, though. I don't remember which one I liked more. You'll get a special password at the end of the game. When creating a new save in the second game you have an option "secret". Fill in the password from the first and the new save will have the same name, an extra heart and your companion is the same. Choices made in the first game might come back as reference in the second and you'll get the true ending. Tldr.. worth it! Sorta like a new game plus..You get an extra boss at the end and hidden items? I haven't played in years so I can't exactly remember. Yeah, I think you needed items from one version to unlock secrets in the other. Both games were really cool, though. I don't remember which one I liked more. Yeah, I think you needed items from one version to unlock secrets in the other. Both games were really cool, though. I don't remember which one I liked more. But then the shop owner electrocutes you the next time and you get a permanent name change Oh my. One of my most favourite games ever. I truly wish the true 'point n click' genre can come back. 'Lucas Arts' stuff was amazing. I just don't think the market is there anymore for the 'true' point n click games. The Monkey Island series is up there with the best games ever made...imho of course. I really miss that genre of games. In case you havent seen it - https://thimbleweedpark.com/ This is currently in developement, and its being made by the creator of Monkey Island 1&2 There are still some solid games out there. Maybe not to the level of the Lucas Arts games, but Broken Sword and Dreamfall/Longest Journey are all pretty solid. Check out adventuregamers.com for some little known games that don't have the press but aren't half bad. Broken Age was a lot of fun, too. Although, I just downloaded SCUMMVM the other day and I'm playing through Fate of Atlantis for the 50th time over the last 20 years. Double edged sword there though. Places like that are where you find those perfect games that balance everything just right. Then you get mad because you can never get it back and it can never be recreated just the same again. Same here, I'm having a blast replaying the old Simon the Sorceror games on my phone. Not quite as brilliant as Guybrush but very entertaining and I forgotten all the puzzles since its been 20 years! In case you havent seen it - https://thimbleweedpark.com/ This is currently in developement, and its being made by the creator of Monkey Island 1&2 There are still some solid games out there. Maybe not to the level of the Lucas Arts games, but Broken Sword and Dreamfall/Longest Journey are all pretty solid. Check out adventuregamers.com for some little known games that don't have the press but aren't half bad. Broken Age was a lot of fun, too. Although, I just downloaded SCUMMVM the other day and I'm playing through Fate of Atlantis for the 50th time over the last 20 years. Double edged sword there though. Places like that are where you find those perfect games that balance everything just right. Then you get mad because you can never get it back and it can never be recreated just the same again. Same here, I'm having a blast replaying the old Simon the Sorceror games on my phone. Not quite as brilliant as Guybrush but very entertaining and I forgotten all the puzzles since its been 20 years! Broken Age was a lot of fun, too. Although, I just downloaded SCUMMVM the other day and I'm playing through Fate of Atlantis for the 50th time over the last 20 years. Double edged sword there though. Places like that are where you find those perfect games that balance everything just right. Then you get mad because you can never get it back and it can never be recreated just the same again. How neat is that! That's pretty neat! The neatest! They don't think it be like it is, but I do Greatest satirical NDT quote of all time It's an Oscar Gamble quote... http://i.imgur.com/W9O3DDo.jpg Everyone forgets that it came from a baseball player, and just assumes it was born in a meme. It makes me sad. It's one of the best baseball quotes ever. You can tell it's an aspen tree by the way it is😂 No it's GTA. C- Apply yourself. You can tell it's GTA by the way it is. Well that's pretty neat. GTA, apply directly to the forehead. That's pretty neat! The neatest! Greatest satirical NDT quote of all time It's an Oscar Gamble quote... http://i.imgur.com/W9O3DDo.jpg Everyone forgets that it came from a baseball player, and just assumes it was born in a meme. It makes me sad. It's one of the best baseball quotes ever. It's an Oscar Gamble quote... http://i.imgur.com/W9O3DDo.jpg Everyone forgets that it came from a baseball player, and just assumes it was born in a meme. It makes me sad. It's one of the best baseball quotes ever. http://i.imgur.com/W9O3DDo.jpg Everyone forgets that it came from a baseball player, and just assumes it was born in a meme. It makes me sad. It's one of the best baseball quotes ever. It makes me sad. It's one of the best baseball quotes ever. No it's GTA. C- Apply yourself. You can tell it's GTA by the way it is. Well that's pretty neat. GTA, apply directly to the forehead. You can tell it's GTA by the way it is. Well that's pretty neat. GTA, apply directly to the forehead. https://imgur.com/a/jYo8i DAMNIT CJ! All you had to do was follow the delorean! All you had to do was follow the damn 'Lorean! FTFY Why was that mission so difficult like God damn Why was that mission so difficult like God damn Why was that mission so difficult like GREAT SCOTT! Because there is a problem with the earth's gravitational pull. That's heavy, doc. There's that word again, "heavy." Big Smoke was dumb as shit and couldn't hit water if he fell out of a boat, so not only did you have to drive a fairly difficult route, you had to shoot a metric fuck-ton of bad guys who apparently could outsoot Chris fucking Kyle. Didn't CJ say that to Smoke one time? That he couldn't hit water if he fell out of a boat? I think it was the other guy. Rida? Rider? Idk but I thought the same thing. Ryder trick is to keep more distance from the train, really fucking easy then. didn't know that either back in the day. Regardless of how you do it, Big Smoke is a fucking terrible shot. The scene where you find out he's betraying you had no effect on me because I already hated that dude. I've done it a few times since, if you keep a good distance smoke can easily shoot them all before you even go through the first tunnel out of los santos. He keeps hitting the train if you're too close to it. It's not him being a terrible shot. It's you being a terrible drive-by pilot making the shooter not having the right angle to the target. Ahh the finer points of gangland drive by shootings. You need to eat well to pull them off. I suggest two number 9's, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45's; one with cheese, and a large soda. Shit, he probably betrayed you to pay his debt to cluckin' bell. What I find really funny is that is nowhere near the hardest mission on GTA:SA (well, the hardest one you need to complete the game). That award goes to motherfucking Supply Lines which Rockstar actually had to patch in later releases. It took me over 50 attempts to beat it and I only did by the skin of my teeth. Was that the one with the rc planes? IIRC, yes. Thats the most frustrating missions I remember from GTA:SA. The trick is boarding the top of the train with the bike and killing them yourself. I saw a speed runner do this and it changed my life. A-A-Aw geez Rick! That sounds really dangerous! Wow. For some reason I always saw the Rick <-> Doc Brown link as both being kinda weird old scientists, but never saw the obvious Morty <-> Marty link... I believe the original title of the show was "Doc and Mharti", this was back when the running gag was Doc forcing Mharti to lick his balls. Link for those who are curious of Rick and Morty's not-so-humble origins [NSFW] the most realistic thing in that video are ricks balls The most realistic thing about the entire universe is Rick's balls Just a heads-up, folks, this one is really NSFW but funny as hell. holy shit is that where Rick's "Lick, lick, lick my balls... Haha yeah I say that all the time!" comes from? Yes How the hell is that allowed on YouTube? That was my first question. You can find pornography on YouTube if you search long enough so who cares. Or do something like work or sleep while autoplay does its magic and you come back later to see what weird side of YouTube rngesus landed you on. Yeah well maybe if Mharti didn't get his damn kite stuck in the tree, he wouldn't have to lick balls He has to jerk him off, too. *gets to. I like the cut of your jib. Lick, lick, lick my balls! Haha, yeah, say that all the time! rewatching bttf recently and the inspiration is obvious. 'Terrorist Marty, Libyan terrorists' 'awww geeze doc, why, why is this happening' 'my uranium marty, they are after the uranium' 'wh wh what the hell are you doing with uranium??' 'i COULD EXPLAIN, BUT IT IS TIME TO RUN MORTY, OR THEY ARE GONNA KILL US' I want to re-write the BTTF script but in R&M format. I want a complete re-dub done by Justin Roiland ad libbing To RDR then! For those who care to watch the full video, neebs gaming is pretty fucking funny "All you had to do was get pushed by the damn train!" "You have to lick my balls, Mharti! It's the only way!" "I always thought you were just really friendly and hated pants." Wait what's that line from? Saints rows I wanna say futurama. That sounds right but I think it's Saints Row You are correct. Don't know why I hear benders voice, when I read that. All you had to do was follow the delorean! All you had to do was follow the damn 'Lorean! FTFY Why was that mission so difficult like God damn Why was that mission so difficult like God damn Why was that mission so difficult like GREAT SCOTT! Because there is a problem with the earth's gravitational pull. That's heavy, doc. There's that word again, "heavy." Big Smoke was dumb as shit and couldn't hit water if he fell out of a boat, so not only did you have to drive a fairly difficult route, you had to shoot a metric fuck-ton of bad guys who apparently could outsoot Chris fucking Kyle. Didn't CJ say that to Smoke one time? That he couldn't hit water if he fell out of a boat? I think it was the other guy. Rida? Rider? Idk but I thought the same thing. Ryder trick is to keep more distance from the train, really fucking easy then. didn't know that either back in the day. Regardless of how you do it, Big Smoke is a fucking terrible shot. The scene where you find out he's betraying you had no effect on me because I already hated that dude. I've done it a few times since, if you keep a good distance smoke can easily shoot them all before you even go through the first tunnel out of los santos. He keeps hitting the train if you're too close to it. It's not him being a terrible shot. It's you being a terrible drive-by pilot making the shooter not having the right angle to the target. Ahh the finer points of gangland drive by shootings. You need to eat well to pull them off. I suggest two number 9's, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45's; one with cheese, and a large soda. Shit, he probably betrayed you to pay his debt to cluckin' bell. What I find really funny is that is nowhere near the hardest mission on GTA:SA (well, the hardest one you need to complete the game). That award goes to motherfucking Supply Lines which Rockstar actually had to patch in later releases. It took me over 50 attempts to beat it and I only did by the skin of my teeth. Was that the one with the rc planes? IIRC, yes. Thats the most frustrating missions I remember from GTA:SA. The trick is boarding the top of the train with the bike and killing them yourself. I saw a speed runner do this and it changed my life. All you had to do was follow the damn 'Lorean! FTFY Why was that mission so difficult like God damn Why was that mission so difficult like GREAT SCOTT! Because there is a problem with the earth's gravitational pull. That's heavy, doc. There's that word again, "heavy." Big Smoke was dumb as shit and couldn't hit water if he fell out of a boat, so not only did you have to drive a fairly difficult route, you had to shoot a metric fuck-ton of bad guys who apparently could outsoot Chris fucking Kyle. Didn't CJ say that to Smoke one time? That he couldn't hit water if he fell out of a boat? I think it was the other guy. Rida? Rider? Idk but I thought the same thing. Ryder trick is to keep more distance from the train, really fucking easy then. didn't know that either back in the day. Regardless of how you do it, Big Smoke is a fucking terrible shot. The scene where you find out he's betraying you had no effect on me because I already hated that dude. I've done it a few times since, if you keep a good distance smoke can easily shoot them all before you even go through the first tunnel out of los santos. He keeps hitting the train if you're too close to it. It's not him being a terrible shot. It's you being a terrible drive-by pilot making the shooter not having the right angle to the target. Ahh the finer points of gangland drive by shootings. You need to eat well to pull them off. I suggest two number 9's, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45's; one with cheese, and a large soda. Shit, he probably betrayed you to pay his debt to cluckin' bell. What I find really funny is that is nowhere near the hardest mission on GTA:SA (well, the hardest one you need to complete the game). That award goes to motherfucking Supply Lines which Rockstar actually had to patch in later releases. It took me over 50 attempts to beat it and I only did by the skin of my teeth. Was that the one with the rc planes? IIRC, yes. Thats the most frustrating missions I remember from GTA:SA. The trick is boarding the top of the train with the bike and killing them yourself. I saw a speed runner do this and it changed my life. Because there is a problem with the earth's gravitational pull. That's heavy, doc. There's that word again, "heavy." That's heavy, doc. There's that word again, "heavy." There's that word again, "heavy." Didn't CJ say that to Smoke one time? That he couldn't hit water if he fell out of a boat? I think it was the other guy. Rida? Rider? Idk but I thought the same thing. Ryder I think it was the other guy. Rida? Rider? Idk but I thought the same thing. Ryder Ryder Regardless of how you do it, Big Smoke is a fucking terrible shot. The scene where you find out he's betraying you had no effect on me because I already hated that dude. I've done it a few times since, if you keep a good distance smoke can easily shoot them all before you even go through the first tunnel out of los santos. He keeps hitting the train if you're too close to it. It's not him being a terrible shot. It's you being a terrible drive-by pilot making the shooter not having the right angle to the target. Ahh the finer points of gangland drive by shootings. You need to eat well to pull them off. I suggest two number 9's, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45's; one with cheese, and a large soda. Shit, he probably betrayed you to pay his debt to cluckin' bell. I've done it a few times since, if you keep a good distance smoke can easily shoot them all before you even go through the first tunnel out of los santos. He keeps hitting the train if you're too close to it. It's not him being a terrible shot. It's you being a terrible drive-by pilot making the shooter not having the right angle to the target. Ahh the finer points of gangland drive by shootings. You need to eat well to pull them off. I suggest two number 9's, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45's; one with cheese, and a large soda. Shit, he probably betrayed you to pay his debt to cluckin' bell. It's you being a terrible drive-by pilot making the shooter not having the right angle to the target. Ahh the finer points of gangland drive by shootings. You need to eat well to pull them off. I suggest two number 9's, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45's; one with cheese, and a large soda. Shit, he probably betrayed you to pay his debt to cluckin' bell. Ahh the finer points of gangland drive by shootings. You need to eat well to pull them off. I suggest two number 9's, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45's; one with cheese, and a large soda. Shit, he probably betrayed you to pay his debt to cluckin' bell. You need to eat well to pull them off. I suggest two number 9's, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45's; one with cheese, and a large soda. Shit, he probably betrayed you to pay his debt to cluckin' bell. Was that the one with the rc planes? IIRC, yes. Thats the most frustrating missions I remember from GTA:SA. IIRC, yes. Thats the most frustrating missions I remember from GTA:SA. I saw a speed runner do this and it changed my life. Wow. For some reason I always saw the Rick <-> Doc Brown link as both being kinda weird old scientists, but never saw the obvious Morty <-> Marty link... I believe the original title of the show was "Doc and Mharti", this was back when the running gag was Doc forcing Mharti to lick his balls. Link for those who are curious of Rick and Morty's not-so-humble origins [NSFW] the most realistic thing in that video are ricks balls The most realistic thing about the entire universe is Rick's balls Just a heads-up, folks, this one is really NSFW but funny as hell. holy shit is that where Rick's "Lick, lick, lick my balls... Haha yeah I say that all the time!" comes from? Yes How the hell is that allowed on YouTube? That was my first question. You can find pornography on YouTube if you search long enough so who cares. Or do something like work or sleep while autoplay does its magic and you come back later to see what weird side of YouTube rngesus landed you on. Yeah well maybe if Mharti didn't get his damn kite stuck in the tree, he wouldn't have to lick balls He has to jerk him off, too. *gets to. I like the cut of your jib. Lick, lick, lick my balls! Haha, yeah, say that all the time! rewatching bttf recently and the inspiration is obvious. 'Terrorist Marty, Libyan terrorists' 'awww geeze doc, why, why is this happening' 'my uranium marty, they are after the uranium' 'wh wh what the hell are you doing with uranium??' 'i COULD EXPLAIN, BUT IT IS TIME TO RUN MORTY, OR THEY ARE GONNA KILL US' I want to re-write the BTTF script but in R&M format. I want a complete re-dub done by Justin Roiland ad libbing I believe the original title of the show was "Doc and Mharti", this was back when the running gag was Doc forcing Mharti to lick his balls. Link for those who are curious of Rick and Morty's not-so-humble origins [NSFW] the most realistic thing in that video are ricks balls The most realistic thing about the entire universe is Rick's balls Just a heads-up, folks, this one is really NSFW but funny as hell. holy shit is that where Rick's "Lick, lick, lick my balls... Haha yeah I say that all the time!" comes from? Yes How the hell is that allowed on YouTube? That was my first question. You can find pornography on YouTube if you search long enough so who cares. Or do something like work or sleep while autoplay does its magic and you come back later to see what weird side of YouTube rngesus landed you on. Yeah well maybe if Mharti didn't get his damn kite stuck in the tree, he wouldn't have to lick balls He has to jerk him off, too. *gets to. I like the cut of your jib. Lick, lick, lick my balls! Haha, yeah, say that all the time! rewatching bttf recently and the inspiration is obvious. 'Terrorist Marty, Libyan terrorists' 'awww geeze doc, why, why is this happening' 'my uranium marty, they are after the uranium' 'wh wh what the hell are you doing with uranium??' 'i COULD EXPLAIN, BUT IT IS TIME TO RUN MORTY, OR THEY ARE GONNA KILL US' I want to re-write the BTTF script but in R&M format. I want a complete re-dub done by Justin Roiland ad libbing Link for those who are curious of Rick and Morty's not-so-humble origins [NSFW] the most realistic thing in that video are ricks balls The most realistic thing about the entire universe is Rick's balls Just a heads-up, folks, this one is really NSFW but funny as hell. holy shit is that where Rick's "Lick, lick, lick my balls... Haha yeah I say that all the time!" comes from? Yes How the hell is that allowed on YouTube? That was my first question. You can find pornography on YouTube if you search long enough so who cares. Or do something like work or sleep while autoplay does its magic and you come back later to see what weird side of YouTube rngesus landed you on. Yeah well maybe if Mharti didn't get his damn kite stuck in the tree, he wouldn't have to lick balls He has to jerk him off, too. *gets to. I like the cut of your jib. Lick, lick, lick my balls! Haha, yeah, say that all the time! the most realistic thing in that video are ricks balls The most realistic thing about the entire universe is Rick's balls Just a heads-up, folks, this one is really NSFW but funny as hell. holy shit is that where Rick's "Lick, lick, lick my balls... Haha yeah I say that all the time!" comes from? Yes How the hell is that allowed on YouTube? That was my first question. You can find pornography on YouTube if you search long enough so who cares. Or do something like work or sleep while autoplay does its magic and you come back later to see what weird side of YouTube rngesus landed you on. The most realistic thing about the entire universe is Rick's balls Yes That was my first question. You can find pornography on YouTube if you search long enough so who cares. Or do something like work or sleep while autoplay does its magic and you come back later to see what weird side of YouTube rngesus landed you on. You can find pornography on YouTube if you search long enough so who cares. Or do something like work or sleep while autoplay does its magic and you come back later to see what weird side of YouTube rngesus landed you on. Or do something like work or sleep while autoplay does its magic and you come back later to see what weird side of YouTube rngesus landed you on. He has to jerk him off, too. *gets to. I like the cut of your jib. *gets to. I like the cut of your jib. I like the cut of your jib. I want to re-write the BTTF script but in R&M format. I want a complete re-dub done by Justin Roiland ad libbing I want a complete re-dub done by Justin Roiland ad libbing Wait what's that line from? Saints rows I wanna say futurama. That sounds right but I think it's Saints Row You are correct. Don't know why I hear benders voice, when I read that. Saints rows I wanna say futurama. That sounds right but I think it's Saints Row You are correct. Don't know why I hear benders voice, when I read that. That sounds right but I think it's Saints Row You are correct. Don't know why I hear benders voice, when I read that. You are correct. Don't know why I hear benders voice, when I read that. Said right before the introduction of Shark Cards. Seriously. Fuck Rockstar for making the DLC content so fucking expensive! The DLC is so expensive because otherwise people wouldn't have an incentive to go and buy some Shark Cards. Seriously. Fuck Rockstar for making the DLC content so fucking expensive! The DLC is so expensive because otherwise people wouldn't have an incentive to go and buy some Shark Cards. The DLC is so expensive because otherwise people wouldn't have an incentive to go and buy some Shark Cards. Let me help out your gif there a little, OP Why does Op's look so much worse than yours? I guess a better question is why does yours looks so much better? Because OP has like 5 frames. OP's also doesn't let you look around when the car gets back in time. Difference between the gifv and regular gif format. Gifv is a WebM or MP4 video set to work normally like a gif, but with increased quality and generally quicker load times because the files are much smaller (in most cases). Jesus you're missing out if you don't see this better version Fucking thank you so much, from the bottom of my heart thank you. You're doing God's work son. You're the freaking best. I love you. NEEEBS best gaming channel will solve world peace!!! That voice... Sounds a lot like the engineer from BFFs. It is. Is it? It's appsro You mean /u/appsro ? Wassup!!!! Glad people are sharing the vid! Love seeing you guys get the spotlight! It was a great rage cop, we need more Simon though. P.s. Also tell Anthony I'm sorry for ripping him so hard on his BF1 let's play video. Keep up the great work! Your guys' content is only getting better Definitely the best rage cop to date I love Rage Cop! Favorite GTA machinima series ever! Hey i dont know if anybody has told you but.."it is" It is. giphy sucks, link directly to the gif, not to a cluttered webpage. Why does Op's look so much worse than yours? I guess a better question is why does yours looks so much better? Because OP has like 5 frames. OP's also doesn't let you look around when the car gets back in time. Difference between the gifv and regular gif format. Gifv is a WebM or MP4 video set to work normally like a gif, but with increased quality and generally quicker load times because the files are much smaller (in most cases). Jesus you're missing out if you don't see this better version Fucking thank you so much, from the bottom of my heart thank you. You're doing God's work son. You're the freaking best. I love you. Because OP has like 5 frames. OP's also doesn't let you look around when the car gets back in time. Difference between the gifv and regular gif format. Gifv is a WebM or MP4 video set to work normally like a gif, but with increased quality and generally quicker load times because the files are much smaller (in most cases). OP's also doesn't let you look around when the car gets back in time. It is. Is it? It's appsro You mean /u/appsro ? Wassup!!!! Glad people are sharing the vid! Love seeing you guys get the spotlight! It was a great rage cop, we need more Simon though. P.s. Also tell Anthony I'm sorry for ripping him so hard on his BF1 let's play video. Keep up the great work! Your guys' content is only getting better Definitely the best rage cop to date I love Rage Cop! Favorite GTA machinima series ever! Hey i dont know if anybody has told you but.."it is" It is. Is it? Wassup!!!! Glad people are sharing the vid! Love seeing you guys get the spotlight! It was a great rage cop, we need more Simon though. P.s. Also tell Anthony I'm sorry for ripping him so hard on his BF1 let's play video. Keep up the great work! Your guys' content is only getting better Definitely the best rage cop to date I love Rage Cop! Favorite GTA machinima series ever! Love seeing you guys get the spotlight! It was a great rage cop, we need more Simon though. P.s. Also tell Anthony I'm sorry for ripping him so hard on his BF1 let's play video. Keep up the great work! Your guys' content is only getting better Definitely the best rage cop to date I love Rage Cop! Favorite GTA machinima series ever! Oh yeah! And an Ecto-1 Fookin DLC. Still best racing series of all time. Horizon 3 just knocked it from the top. "ALL YOU HAD TO DO, WAS REACH 88 CJ!" - THEY FOUND GROVE STREET! - Who? - THE LIBYANS! I laughed so so hard at that in the video. God I love these guys and everything they do. Even back as far as the doraleous cartoon. - THEY FOUND GROVE STREET! - Who? - THE LIBYANS! Closest I've seen. I find it funny that they based the Delorean off one of the faster cars. In reality, the Delorean had a pretty slow engine for a sports car, and it's one of the reasons it didn't sell. Very true. It's a good thing there are mods in real life too, though. That, the build quality was literal shit, as in they had a second factory in LA to rebuild the brand new cars. And people wonder why Ireland had no manufacturers. Another was the stainless steel was over fiberglass, so the car was really heavy, Doc. Literal shit? Heh, I was expecting this. Fffuuuu-- I hardly ever got to pick out a game when I was little, and when I finally did get the rare opportunity to pick and buy a game, I would always be excited as fuck to get back home. Now imagine my disappointment when I popped this steaming piece of shit game cartridge into my NES after being such a huge fan of the movies. That AVGN video sums it up perfectly. This is the one I was thinking of too. Gah. Nightmares from my childhood. That has got to be the greatest mod of all time Driver Parallel lines is a GTA-style(ish) game that lets you play New York in both 1978 and 2006, it swaps between the two at some point during the campaign (I think when you finish you can swap between both times at will, but I don't remember). I know it's not entirely what you're after, but it's got the same idea. Yes you can call a number in your rad flip phone and you go back to the other time where there is a yellow filter meanwhile 2006 had a blue one. It was one of my favorite games because it was the first I played where you could get out of the car and run around. Jesus Christ: Back to the Future Yup, I'd play it. Jesus Christ: Back to the Future: Revenge of the Crucified Imagine driving around and blasting back and forth between the time periods. I'd buy the shit outta that game. (No I would not preorder I know the rules.) It would be even better if your actions in the past affected the current world, and not just as part of a predetermined story but in a sandbox style. Go in the past and plant some trees and see their grown versions in the future. Maybe there would even be random changes to your changes, so blowing up a building in the past might have you find in the future that someone built a church or grocery store on that spot. You could kill someone in the past and come back to the future to find a memorial or even that you the person's son became mayor and cracked down so hard on crime that police are everywhere. It would have the potential to be super layered and complex for sure. The crysis mod looked pretty good. https://youtu.be/qykCHvm4EOo Was the Back to the Future Telltale game any good? I really enjoyed their Game of Thrones attempt. it is an awesome game! http://store.steampowered.com/app/31290/ That's just a Telltale game, which is really just an interactive movie. I think he was referring to an actual GTA-or-Mafia-styled BttF game The only thing I can envision is that you travel travel between the different time periods, the 1880's, 1950's, 1980's and 2010's I guess. And somehow everything you change in the past is carried over into every future world? Imagine the processing power that would require! Forget processing power, think about the man power to build out all those different time periods - they'd basically have to build assets for 4 different games lol And then work out dynamically how the past worlds would affect the future worlds, and make all the assets for that. Sounds really fucking cool, but not very practical. Sounds more than practical to me. Most of GTA and sandbox games are full of buildings you can't enter and reused assets anyway. AAA developers have set the bar really low for what to expect from games given how much money they bring in. Chrono Trigger did this on the Super Nintendo 20+ years ago, multiple timelines and things you do in the past affecting the future worlds. I dream that one day my grandchildren will have VR for games like that. I find it funny that they based the Delorean off one of the faster cars. In reality, the Delorean had a pretty slow engine for a sports car, and it's one of the reasons it didn't sell. Very true. It's a good thing there are mods in real life too, though. That, the build quality was literal shit, as in they had a second factory in LA to rebuild the brand new cars. And people wonder why Ireland had no manufacturers. Another was the stainless steel was over fiberglass, so the car was really heavy, Doc. Literal shit? Heh, I was expecting this. Fffuuuu-- I hardly ever got to pick out a game when I was little, and when I finally did get the rare opportunity to pick and buy a game, I would always be excited as fuck to get back home. Now imagine my disappointment when I popped this steaming piece of shit game cartridge into my NES after being such a huge fan of the movies. That AVGN video sums it up perfectly. This is the one I was thinking of too. Gah. Nightmares from my childhood. That has got to be the greatest mod of all time Very true. It's a good thing there are mods in real life too, though. That, the build quality was literal shit, as in they had a second factory in LA to rebuild the brand new cars. And people wonder why Ireland had no manufacturers. Another was the stainless steel was over fiberglass, so the car was really heavy, Doc. Literal shit? Literal shit? Fffuuuu-- I hardly ever got to pick out a game when I was little, and when I finally did get the rare opportunity to pick and buy a game, I would always be excited as fuck to get back home. Now imagine my disappointment when I popped this steaming piece of shit game cartridge into my NES after being such a huge fan of the movies. That AVGN video sums it up perfectly. This is the one I was thinking of too. Gah. Nightmares from my childhood. Yes you can call a number in your rad flip phone and you go back to the other time where there is a yellow filter meanwhile 2006 had a blue one. It was one of my favorite games because it was the first I played where you could get out of the car and run around. Jesus Christ: Back to the Future: Revenge of the Crucified It would be even better if your actions in the past affected the current world, and not just as part of a predetermined story but in a sandbox style. Go in the past and plant some trees and see their grown versions in the future. Maybe there would even be random changes to your changes, so blowing up a building in the past might have you find in the future that someone built a church or grocery store on that spot. You could kill someone in the past and come back to the future to find a memorial or even that you the person's son became mayor and cracked down so hard on crime that police are everywhere. It would have the potential to be super layered and complex for sure. It would have the potential to be super layered and complex for sure. That's just a Telltale game, which is really just an interactive movie. I think he was referring to an actual GTA-or-Mafia-styled BttF game The only thing I can envision is that you travel travel between the different time periods, the 1880's, 1950's, 1980's and 2010's I guess. And somehow everything you change in the past is carried over into every future world? Imagine the processing power that would require! Forget processing power, think about the man power to build out all those different time periods - they'd basically have to build assets for 4 different games lol And then work out dynamically how the past worlds would affect the future worlds, and make all the assets for that. Sounds really fucking cool, but not very practical. Sounds more than practical to me. Most of GTA and sandbox games are full of buildings you can't enter and reused assets anyway. AAA developers have set the bar really low for what to expect from games given how much money they bring in. Chrono Trigger did this on the Super Nintendo 20+ years ago, multiple timelines and things you do in the past affecting the future worlds. I dream that one day my grandchildren will have VR for games like that. The only thing I can envision is that you travel travel between the different time periods, the 1880's, 1950's, 1980's and 2010's I guess. And somehow everything you change in the past is carried over into every future world? Imagine the processing power that would require! Forget processing power, think about the man power to build out all those different time periods - they'd basically have to build assets for 4 different games lol And then work out dynamically how the past worlds would affect the future worlds, and make all the assets for that. Sounds really fucking cool, but not very practical. Sounds more than practical to me. Most of GTA and sandbox games are full of buildings you can't enter and reused assets anyway. AAA developers have set the bar really low for what to expect from games given how much money they bring in. Chrono Trigger did this on the Super Nintendo 20+ years ago, multiple timelines and things you do in the past affecting the future worlds. I dream that one day my grandchildren will have VR for games like that. Forget processing power, think about the man power to build out all those different time periods - they'd basically have to build assets for 4 different games lol And then work out dynamically how the past worlds would affect the future worlds, and make all the assets for that. Sounds really fucking cool, but not very practical. Sounds more than practical to me. Most of GTA and sandbox games are full of buildings you can't enter and reused assets anyway. AAA developers have set the bar really low for what to expect from games given how much money they bring in. Chrono Trigger did this on the Super Nintendo 20+ years ago, multiple timelines and things you do in the past affecting the future worlds. I dream that one day my grandchildren will have VR for games like that. And then work out dynamically how the past worlds would affect the future worlds, and make all the assets for that. Sounds really fucking cool, but not very practical. Sounds more than practical to me. Most of GTA and sandbox games are full of buildings you can't enter and reused assets anyway. AAA developers have set the bar really low for what to expect from games given how much money they bring in. Chrono Trigger did this on the Super Nintendo 20+ years ago, multiple timelines and things you do in the past affecting the future worlds. I dream that one day my grandchildren will have VR for games like that. Sounds more than practical to me. Most of GTA and sandbox games are full of buildings you can't enter and reused assets anyway. AAA developers have set the bar really low for what to expect from games given how much money they bring in. Chrono Trigger did this on the Super Nintendo 20+ years ago, multiple timelines and things you do in the past affecting the future worlds. Hey its me ur niko The Curse Of Monkey Island Actually they only did Special Editions for The Secret of Monkey Island and Monkey Island 2: LeChuck's Revenge. I'd love to see something similar done for the Curse of Monkey Island as the native resolution for that is stuck at 640x480. It would be a different exercise, though, as the art isn't the pixel art of the first two games and I think it still holds up today. It even had full voice acting. Fallout 3 and New Vegas have a mod that let's you do it as well, and it works EXTREMELY well. All your info and inventory switches over as well. Tale of two wastelands? Wait what holy shit? Link? https://taleoftwowastelands.com/ Tale of Two Wastelands mod https://taleoftwowastelands.com/ also in Duke Nukem 3D: anniversary Tale of two wastelands? Wait what holy shit? Link? https://taleoftwowastelands.com/ Tale of Two Wastelands mod https://taleoftwowastelands.com/ https://taleoftwowastelands.com/ Tale of Two Wastelands mod https://taleoftwowastelands.com/ Favorite channel PROOOOMOOOOTEEEED! PROOOOMOOOOTEEEED! It's a shame nothing ever happened with it. Incredible mod. If they could have figured out how to have multiple universes in the game, I could see that becoming really fun. PROMOTED!!!